like the adrenaline thing, I'm over it. You are. My very. last mission was my first El Ambush. Which should be awesome because an L ambush is like the second thing you learn when you're doing you just you can join the army. You can get more basic tactics. That's it. Yeah, and that's what you're doing. It's support. We're getting shot at, we're killing them, and Noah Dran... And no adrenaline, I'm like, I got, if I'm not getting adrenaline, I gotta get out. I'm gonna get complacent. someone shoots at me, I'm gonna walk up to them, assuming I'm gonna shoot them. I'm gonna get blasted. I got it's time to leave so the adrenaline thing. I'm good I am a Washington Redskins fan, so I get enough of that there just especially with Alex Smith, he's your quarterback. God damn it, that guy took. five yard outs all day long. He's all right. Cousins is having a... big year, I wish to, I don't know, whatever. They got Agent Peterson, he's doing well, hail to the rest. Well, I'm a fan of the Red Sox. I'm a fan of Cousins. Yeah, he's good. He should have kept him. He's good. He's good. Yeah, I can see that perspective, right, where there's a certain, like, I think I'm good. but but the cool part about that is like what you're doing post all of this and not trying to be a fanboy or anything I just like I'm super respect guys that have these crazy experiences in life and then are you trying to use their shit days and all this other stuff to provide for other people in the community that need. Because there's going to need to be more awareness about the veteran community and that people aren't. fucked up. There's guys out there like you that, you know, 17 years and they fucking. teams and you're like a go-getter, you're an inspirer, you're an educator, like, those are the people that I want, the veterans. community to be like associated with not this fucking pill popping pill-popping. That's exactly what I'm saying too. Bullshit. Yes, there's some people out there. there's some bad eggs, and there's a lot of guys that have issues, but the only way we fix those issues is if we bring. whole country together to focus on fixing these guys. A lot of these companies that we send veterans to are at first surprised that they're not getting some PTSD crazy guy that's gonna shoot the place up. They're getting it. getting a guy that has an MBA and that's the narrative We've heard that. We've heard that. We fucking sit in Fortune 500 meetings and then narrate. well, we tend not to hire veterans because everybody's afraid that they're going shoot the place up. The opposite of them. Are you fucking kidding me? These guys have MBAs and BAs. and their fucking crushing business and to your point about it being to your point about speaking about leadership, these guys have fucking led either a team, a squad. a platoon, in fucking combat, the most complex, dynamic environment. in the fucking world. You don't think that they can manage some HR issues get the fuck out of here, bro. And that's the whole thing too. Like, it's the perfect plan that you came up with. working, something's wrong. Like in combat, one of the rules, anything you. Because anything you do can get you killed, including nothing. So being able to adjust in a fluid environment like you're saying, they can do this now. And no one's shooting at them. They're going to be just fine. but a lot of employers need to see that, and it's working 100%. percent and I think guys like you and a lot of other people in the community are hopefully bringing that away and I'm stoked about it. What was the coolest experience you had? when you got back from America and everybody knew that it was you And I'm fucking shopping That was sent to me, we got, we did get leave. after the bin Laden raid and I was kind of down in the dumps and one of my buddies sent me that video Somebody sent me that video, that shouldn't happen. How long did that come out after the operation? Oh fuck. They were quick. Yeah, they were quick. It was quick. The writers were quick. Rob Rachel said he was like... I think with like Paul Rudd and Will Ferrell were writing a movie the day after the Bin Laden raid something like this and they said what's it like to be that guy so they shot that video and that's just pretty funny. No, it's I've been fortunate. I've been able to do some to meet some cool people the Kid Rock thing and he's a buddy of mine So that's why yes That's what you asked me to get on. You calling Bob? That's the hardest part about getting to know Kid Rock is calling him Bob. Yeah, because that's his real name, and you're like, it's Bob. You're on the Bob level. Yeah, but everybody we know that... knows him, you know Johnny Primo, right? Yeah, he was working security. for them. They said they love the guy. I'm gonna meet Bob, dude. Yeah, I'm gonna meet you. Yeah, I wanna play guitar on stage, man. I get down with the six strings. The other person I heard you were partying with... the other night was uh... dave growl dave growl a man to you know Oh no way! He's awesome, Dave's just awesome. Well, Dave's great cause I met... I met him the first time at one of the Super Bowls where I met Rodrigo too and And, well, I'm name dropping like a son of a bitch. That's fine. We do it all the time. But we still haven't met. We wanted him really bad for range 15 and he turned us down We've never... He turned us down for the movie. That's okay. But I got a picture with... So Dave Grohl... asked me if I wanted shots of tequila, and I'm like, of course, and then he'd take a couple shots. He said, well, do you want to go meet Paul McCartney? I'm like, yeah, yeah. So I got it. great picture. I got a great picture of me Dave going Paul McCartney, but the best part of the story is sent the picture right to my sister, my younger sister who's a huge nirvana. fan, huge Beatles fan, and a huge Foo Fighters fan. And, I sent, so it's me, Dave Grohl, and Paul McCartney. And she goes, that is so cool. And oh my God, that old lady looks. like Paul McCartney. Oh! Oh, that is Paul McCartney now. That is Sir Paul McCartney. Yeah, we all get it. Everybody gets old. There's nothing you can do about it. Well, you know, there's all this... like, you know, Dave said some political things and then people ask me if I care. I'm like, I do not care. because I care about their music and he's a great dude some of Paul McCartney and