I read the book. He said someone else got him first and then two people came in afterwards while he. was gasping for breath and they ended it so they shot him afterwards in the book. Okay, and see I don't know what happened back there. I when I saw Bin Laden, he was standing on his feet and I shot him three times. Right. He was on his feet. Again, they're all heroes and the team did the mission. The pilot that. crash-landed and saved everyone's lives in Dash 1, he's the hero. I'm a guy that went upstairs so I was scared and I just knew the tactics, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In my response to that coming from a direct action community would be like let's all sit at the table and drink a glass of whiskey because everybody devoted their life to get that that's such fucking specialized fucking unit and part in no fucking like more threat situation. Maybe it's because I come from the community where we're the insurance policy, that it's more of the, like, if my teammate. killed somebody. Yeah, man, you got him, you got him. I mean, I've been in that position too, man. It would be a fight. It'd be like, yeah. One of my team winners, man, when I was here. We got in a fucking ambush and we end up shooting like fucking 11 people or whatever. him and I in an AR got after it I was like no I dumped that guy and he's like, no, no, I shot him and we like went back and forth and they're like, he's dead guys. And I was like, oh yeah. He didn't. kill any of our guys, so we, one of us did the job right, or we both did the job like we fucking care. I know on that on that mission to the bin Laden raid we brought only seals so we're like we don't have air force guys with us if someone gets shot or we need to call Cass I'm like I know how to carry a sledgehammer, that's about as tactical as I get. yes i think it is your life well i know all the guys that were on the uh... the phillips raid there yeah yeah all the Phillips raid can you clear some up? Sure. Did he actually say look at me I'm the captain now? I don't know. That's a great, that's a great answer. I've got a good one. for you on this. I sat next to the play on a plane next to a guy that had just gotten out of prison and he was the barber in the prison that that guy's at, the captain. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, look at me. And he said, like, he is so salty and still to the- day trying to fight that he didn't get any money from the movie. No way. I'm dead, sir. He said every time he cut his hair, that's all that motherfucker talked about. was how much he got screwed over to have no money from the movie. any of all that the actual part of the other part you have to buy it Yeah, the pirate. The pirate wanted money. They wanted money for the movie. Yeah, but that's not how it works. know. You're life in prison. Yeah, exactly, man. And you were like, where's my money? That's my likeness, bro. I want to check. But it was just a fascinating story from that dude. like he was like I was like you were the prison bar god you probably got the best stories ever because I got the best of the best listen to this that's great what one other thing Rob that I wanted to touch on we can move on from the bin Laden thing like sure yeah we don't have to talk about this all all day is we obviously have a lot of military veterans on the ship. There's a common theme that we've found in particular among this generation this is the same thing why we always ask the same question. did you decide to get into the military? 99% of the time it's percent of the time it's 911 911 was was what why we got into the military then you kill the guy who was responsible for nine responsible for 9-11, does that feel like winning the- lottery or do you like, well, I, I didn't, I joined. Should they pray to you or pray to you that's enough that's another thing too that because we had the controversy dumping the body in the ocean because the thing was they didn't want to make a shrine to Bin Laden that they could work they didn't get a realize these are Wahhabis that they're not allowed to worship anything but Allah why you can't depict Muhammad because it's a false idol. so they never would have done that that's kind of funny, but but no no one no one praised me. I hope Praise to me, I hope. God, no. Yeah. Well, hell expressed it for one. Yeah, exactly. If you have... Rob on Snapchat, please send him your prayers for the next couple weeks. Is it weird that you've become the guy who I mean because let's face it even today in today's world of bad guys there isn't there's still isn't anybody as big as that i can't remember i mean not me over time. Hitler didn't laugh. I know the best I'm saying. Yeah, you were the one who got the one shot. I joined I joined before 9-11, I joined in 1995. Did you go straight to the teams? Yeah, I did, I did. I went to boot camp in January 96 and I graduated buds by December 96 that sounds really cold and well I went to buds in April so I had a summer health week, which is better. It's still the Pacific's cold all the time, but summer hell week better yeah yeah I'm you know you ever go up Santa Barbara and party a little bit Santa Barbara and born and raised. That's outstanding, I can tell. Back with that, you know. bro vibe. And did an awesome YouTube video since that's how it works. So yeah, but then I was on my... third deployment on 9-11, I was in Germany, we just got done in Kosovo. we all we knew is everything just changed. Like we're no no more no more