just so they're like what did he just say like in what's that movie where he's singing that wedding song and drops fuck in the middle of it I'm gonna love it, old school, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I fucking need you now. He's a fucking Nijanau and it's like kind of sets the tone yeah it's fun to speak in front of people it's uh You know, crowds are different, they've always been good, and it's just fun to see their reactions, because they don't. a joke they want some a lot of a lot of speakers military speaker up there and a lot of them are tough guys and they speak tough guy. They're very clinical. they intimidate. I want my people to have fun, so we have fun with them. Yeah, I think it's a great take on it you guys are actually everyone but here other than me is phenomenal and speaking Jared's great at Ross is great at it. I fucking hate speaking with people. I mean Ross gets us kicked out of the MGM Grand and I don't legalize it. Analyze it by analysis of some shit but paralysis sounds good That's good, but I've seen seen you do some speaking stuff, and it's fucking pretty cool. Thank you Well, I learned the key to public speaking is three strong drinks, not four, not two. Three of them get out three. Three. Gage that drink. Are we talking three to three? fingers three? Yeah, well, of course. Yeah. Yeah that's it the pen which I refused to drink before the national anthem because I'm terrified I'm going to forget the word. I'm gonna forget the words oh yeah, it's bad for your voice. You shouldn't drinking. Yeah yeah, yeah, yeah. Rob, if I can, I want to share a story with you. audience. For the first time I saw you, you're not gonna remember me. obviously, but I'm in Columbus, Ohio for a Rolling Stones concert. Yes, I remember that. You were in the crowd though, there were 70,000 people there. but I was front row so I was right there and a Kid Rock is open up for the Rolling Stones. He stops the show mid- mid-set and he goes, ladies and gentlemen, I want you to raise a fucking to the man who killed Osama bin Laden. And then you, you come out on stage, people lost their. fucking minds. He was quitting myself. I was just like, yeah. I was just like, yeah. Wow, this is America. Yeah, yeah, yeah, like that, that and the Navy. SEAL cologne and chicks is panty droppers, man. That's going down. Yeah, he asked. me because he's a buddy of mine. He asked me if he could play American badass and they played the national anthem in the middle and said you want to come out and check it out. I'll tell you what, if you haven't been stage for when the stones are about to play that's a lot of people to be wow people to be looking at. Wow. Yeah. How crazy. It was so nuts. You point anywhere and then... And then 7,000 hands go up and it's like it's like mind control. It's so cool but it's a real it's like the first time you jump out of a plane like it's not that big you just kind of take it all in. Yeah, the interesting part about it, and I'm not saying this just because on the show, is you have Kid Rock, you have the Rolling Stones, and... stones and the crowd goes crazy. They went bananas for you. I don't know if you stayed for the stone show or if you bounced up we know we did we stayed there We had some guys up there with some families. When you came out on stage, I mean, it was... It's good to hear. It's crazy. It's good to hear. That was the loudest it was all night and I was just like, holy shit. Yeah, that was, that was. I was it was neat and when I went home like he's my buddy's really dude How was the show it was like? was rad, but like the dude who killed Bin Laden came out. Like, holy fuck. Holy fucking shit, it was cool. Did you ever see yourself? I mean no God no no it's crazy right because I think that you know being a fucking amazing quote that I love is there's a difference between professional and silent professional, but I mean I can't imagine in so many years that you serve then doing such a public event in such a private culture, that there's no way you could keep that. under wraps or whatever. There was no way. No, fuck no way. Well, it was my- plan. Well, I mean, you know, there's never a perfect plan always changes My plan was to 30 years in the Navy, and as a- as a Master Chief Buds instructor in retiring California smoked cigars on the beach. That's that's the plan in a beach. That's the plan. And then we got called for the Bin Laden raid and even training for that's like well, I'm not gonna get the shot, but we joke with each other about who is like you gonna get on a fucking slide, be in the, got him alley and then my buddy with the saw is gonna take Nobody with the saw is going to take him down. That's what's going to happen. Yeah, the BP, the BP position guy is going to be like, c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c He's like, you're the fucking junior guy? You're the guy, yeah, yeah, exactly. Damn it! So every senior guys like I'm the first in door bitches, but we got that when we got done with that mission, I mean, even guys in the helicopter knew what happened. And as we're. what happened as we're flying back. And when we landed, the mechanics from TF-160... and knew what happened. They're all pointing at me. It's like, God forbid, to get back to Virginia. Beach in 16 hours and everyone in the goddamn city knows that's like you did you go that quick back to yeah, we yeah, we got back, you know the 90 minute flight out to J-BAD, then we put them on a C-130. flew up to Bagram, and we laid out all the SSC stuff. to see stuff, so who was where, what was in the house, laying it out, they got the... there, they're doing the DNA. And then we got the new. on, and they're talking about it already, then the president comes out, and then we actually tried to find. we wanted to find the Navy Seabees because if anyone's gonna have a pizza oven and a bunch of brown liquor, it's gonna be down to TV So yeah, we went there showered up