It's the cologne, it's the cologne. Rob's guys, but yeah, so them but it was yeah, and it was before I didn't do 20, I did almost 17, but it's just time to get out. know? Sure. And I guess where I'm going with this after that is... when you kill the most the biggest high-profile person in the world. The only supervillain. Yeah. How do you come... down right? I'ma start saying that from now. He's the only one doesn't the rest of life Life seem boring at that point. No, it's good. I'm good I was like, I'll take that question for you. No, like the adrenaline thing, I'm over it. My very last mission was my first El Ambus. my first L-Ambush, which should be awesome, because an L-Ambush is like the second thing you learn when you do... the Army. You just hope that you can get more basic tactics. That's it, yeah, and that's what you do. Support by a fire, and then they're gonna pay as a girl. We're getting shot at. We're killing them. and no adrenaline. I'm like, I got, if I'm not getting adrenaline, I got to get out. gonna get complacent. I'm gonna I'm gonna someone shoots at me. I'm gonna walk up to them as soon up to them assuming I'm gonna shoot them I'm gonna get blasted I got it's time to leave so the adrenaline thing I'm good am a Washington Redskins fan, so I get an of that there, just. Yeah, especially with Alex Smith, he's your quarterback. God damn it, that guy throws 5 yard outs all day long. Um, cousins is having a big year. I wish to, I don't know, whatever. They got Agent Peters and he's doing They got Adrian Peterson, he's doing well. Hail to the Red Sox. I'm a fan of Cousins. Yeah, he's good. They should have kept him. He's good. He's good. Yeah, I can see that perspective, right, where there's a certain, like... I think I'm good and but but the cool part about that is like what you're doing post all of this and I'm not trying to be a fanboy or anything I just like I'm super respect guys that have these crazy experiences in life and then are you trying to use shit days and all this other stuff to like provide for other people in the community that need it. Because there needs to be more awareness about the veteran community. and that people aren't fucked up. There's guys out there like you that, you know, 17 years. in the fucking teams and you're like a go-getter, you're in. inspirer, you're an educator, like those are the people that I want. veteran community to be like associated with not this fucking pill popping. That's exactly what I'm saying too. Because that's what I'm saying too. Because like, yes, there's. some people out there and there's some bad eggs and there's a lot of guys have issues, but the only way we fix those issues if we bring the whole country together to focus on fixing these guys. A lot of these companies that we send veterans to are at first support. Are at first surprised that they're not getting some PTSD crazy guy that's going to shoot the plate. They're getting a guy that has an NBA. And that's the narrative. we've heard that. I've, we fucking sit in Fortune 500. meetings and the narrative is, well, we tend not to hire veterans because every Because everybody's afraid that they're gonna shoot the place up the opposite of them. Are you fucking kidding me? because of MBAs and BA's and they're fucking crushing business and to your point about speaking about leadership these guys have fucking led either a team, a squad, a platoon, in fucking combat, the most complex dynamic environment in the fucking world, you don't think that they can manage some. issues, get the fuck out of here, bro. It's the perfect plan that you came up with is working something's wrong. Yeah in combat one of the rules anything you do can get you killed including nothing so being able to adjust in the fluid environment, like you're saying, they can do this now. And no one's shooting at them. they're gonna be just fine, but a lot of employers just need to see that. and it's working 100% and I think guys like you and a lot of other people in the community are bringing that awareness and I'm stoked about it. So what was the coolest experience you had when you got back from America and everybody knew that it was you? to go into that video. But like, no, I go back to that was sent to me. We got. we did get leave after the bin Laden raid and I was kind of down in the dumps in one of my sent me that video that that shouldn't how long did that come out after three weeks come out after the operation. He was like I think with like Paul Rudd and Will Ferrell were writing a movie the day after the bin Laden raid, something like this. And they said, what's it like to be that guy? they shot that video and that's just pretty funny. No, it's I've been for No, I've been fortunate, I've been able to do some, to meet some cool people, the Kid Rock thing, and he's a buddy of mine. that's why you asked me Bob I that's the hardest part about getting to know Kid Rock is calling them Bob. Yeah, because that's his real name. And you're like, it's Bob. You're on the Bob level. Yeah, but everybody. everybody we know that that knows him, you know, Johnny Primo, right? Yeah he was working security for them, and they said they love the guy. I don't mean Bob, dude. Show me, Bob, dude. Yeah, I want to play guitar on stage, man. I get down with the sixth string. The other person I heard you were partying with the other night was Dave Grohl. Dave Grohl, my man, too, yeah. Oh, yeah, way! He's awesome. That is fucking awesome. Dave's just awesome. Well, Dave's great. because I met I met him the first time at one of the Super Bowls where I met Rodrigo too where I met Rob Riegel, too. And, boy, I'm name-dropping, like a son of a bitch. Nah, that's fine. We wanted him really bad for range 15 and he turned us down and we've never, we've never. He turned us down from the movie. Yeah, that's okay. But I got a picture. with, so Dave Grohl asked me if I wanted shots of tequila and I'm like, of course. and then he'd take a couple shots. He said well. Do you want to go meet Paul McCartney? I'm like yeah, yeah so I got a great picture. I got a great picture of me Dave going Paul McCartney, but the best