of the story is I sent the picture right to my sister, my younger sister. who's a huge Nirvana fan, huge Beatles fan, and a huge Foo Fighters fan. and I sent says me Dave Grohl and Paul McCartney she goes that is so cool and oh my god, that old lady looks just like Paul McCartney. That is Paul McCartney now. That is Sir Paul McCarthy. Yeah, we all get it, everybody gets old, there's nothing you can do about it. Well, you know, there's all this like, you know, Dave said some political things and then people asked me if I care, I do not care because I care about their music and he's a great dude Some with Paul McCartney and John Lennon jerking off together recently. It's not recently yeah story that came out. It's like yeah, but the white album. I don't give a fuck exactly I don't care if they jerked off. You're making music like that jerked off to get off. Yeah, they were jerking off in bed together. i'm like that but yeah i i i read that story on the level of what they think that they I'm like, well, that kind of thing. Certainly people can't make that, so maybe they jerked off in bed, and they're like, we should write. this song kaboom. Yeah. And that's your favorite song. So like don't care how So what you're saying is we should get it because I mean, I don't know what exactly strawberry fields means, but I love this. What happens when Ranger and seal semen mix and we just like put that in something. I feel like that would be, that's how the dinosaurs were riding themselves. The jokes are writing themselves. There's so many branches I want to fuck with. I know. We should all jerk off together. Oh my god You will not believe what happened on the last episode of Drinking Bro's Prince Area. No, no, I have not what about so president wise, do they always ask you to stump for presidents when that comes around election season? all that stuff uh they asked me for quite a bit of that stuff too and as far as presidents go, I mean, do you stay out of politics? No, I. So I'm not going to ever run, but I do try to get as many veterans. I can. I help them out. I'm a chairman of a super pack that helps It helps vets get in because it doesn't matter which side of the aisle you're on a vet will get in the room with someone to try to solve the problem, which is not what's the case in Washington. the either side was party first country second, which is crap. Yes you know, a lot of stuff with John James up in Michigan, he's running against Debbie Stab. a West Point grad ranger. pilot. 400 combat mission, now he's a business owner. And so that's the kind of. we want the Trump family was up there a couple weeks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah more veterans is good as far as the political thing I just think is the problems solvers. Yeah. You see, you see, you stay out of like, Hey, I'm, I'm for sewing. I'm for so-and-so, right? Sometimes, but I will, I will campaign. I don't know when this is going to happen. to the midterms might be over, but I'm actually right before right before the midterms. Yeah, I'm totally summin' for John James, I want to... I want my guy Montana to win to beat John Tester, I want, I'm at Rosendale. a couple others that I'm helping out just with my veterans are all veterans and you're from Montana I am. I'm from Butte, Montana. Yeah. Really? Any thought of ever living back there? Yeah. I think I'm... might have talked about that. I might eventually move back that's country in it. It's gorgeous. Do you? hunt I do I grew up hunting elk we should go kill stuff That would be a blast. Totally. I got some good spots and some good hookups. Sure. Has some James. Yeah, we're gonna have some James it was actually funny to one of my horrible jokes that I probably shouldn't tell was people asked me what's the difference between hunting Al-Qaeda and hunting an elk. I'm like I've never... an elk in its sleep. Yeah. I love that joke and the weird thing is and I never talk about killing people in the episode, but fuck it, let's do it. I feel some form of remorse shooting a deer, right? I like Avatar that bitch every time. where I'm like, thank you so much for my family. I'm like super into it. It people never fucking once I'm like I just the second one gets fucking hull-appointed and their head splatters across that stupid fucking mud fucking hut I'm like next one let's go and that's all yeah And that's all. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I actually respect animals. People. When you're in that environment, too. And that engagement gift. Get fucked we had the first first kill I ever saw I didn't even get it, one of my guys did in CQB in the house. but in his first kill too. So this is our first time in combat. Simon Kombat. But we had a Brit with us from the SBS named Andy. had a good action. That's a good accent. He had a death cloud that followed him. Like the invasion of Iraq, in Afghanistan, every- he went he got in big fights. He's seen this shit. He's been some bad stuff. Anyway, my friend shot this first al-Qaeda guy we ran into in this house and he's kind of sitting there sort of stunned and he's like Andy go check that guy Andy calmly walks over to this white light and just goes, oh, he's fucked, mate. Hahahaha He's walked mate, he's got 9 butts in his face. No, that's just best. Do you wish you could ever go back at any point? No, I am good. You ever have dreams about that at all? Um, I do. I don't- need to go back, but there is no feeling better. adrenaline-wise than getting to a house. And we're going to go in and we're going to hunt people. That's like the coolest adrenaline. just is that we're doing some shit here. I'm serious. I'm serious. I think that's where the calm before the storm comes.