It can record and we don't have a ton. I have a ton of items to get to. And I might be able to do one that might be fun. fun, if we have a little bit of time. So corporate events. They I think I saw a little I put this in Slack and I saw a little bit of kind of noise around it which was good, you know, that nutshell here is as we've kind of restructured and tried and try different things, the event support that we... need isn't as nailed down as it needs to be. Uh, so the current tactic that we're going with go-to-market team, signs up and kind of. sponsors that event. So you support as a. PMM, your campaign manager does the campaigns for that event, et cetera et cetera, et cetera, I don't see anyone in the, maybe there are comments in the issue. I don't see. the header updated yet. I thought we had. in Slack sort of farmed each one of them out. That's so I guess that the next so it looks like Like, tie, put in. some folks, it looks like this looks good. So that. Let's see, need support from GTM teams. So I guess that. Well, I guess the ask would be, to work with your GTM team. So, let me ask. I saw some slack, I think an R slack, but... But did you all, were you all able to connect with like your G- with your GTM teams. On slide only and on the issue actually. Yeah, same not in not in real time, but you know source feedback, I got one. person who responds so far. So it may end up Cindy being you and I just picking the one that we want to do and then they can back us up. If we don't get any more feedback. Yeah, do y'all, does anybody? have like a regular sink still are those? all been canceled or is there? Yeah, we're on like the two week. cadence. Okay. Yeah, GitOps has been canceled. after the enablement. Cool, so I'm just trying catch up with the thread. So it looks like maybe a platform. on reInvent, CICD on Google Next. and GitOps on KubeCon. Does that sound right? Yeah. Yeah, that's where we were last I heard. Cool. so then I think. we can, we can help the corporate events team. They do, they do a lot. of cat herding and keep on tracking. people down. So I think if this team can take the mission like try to help track that down. if you, you know, get the commitment specifically your campaign managers. Hey, we're signing up for KubeCon. you know, can you comment on the issue that yes, I can commit to this? et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So that just so that they can get that that event support, but that. looks good and I appreciate, thanks for the link. to you, Samia, on the roles. Product announcements, so I appreciate. Brian, for adding this. I probably should have added it, but. But I had two questions about that one. One is, over what time frame are we looking at? So, so in theory... So in theory, this could be the same as the GitLab 14 launch where... we're saying basically since 13.0, what has... what kind of big improvements have we made? Candidly, this is always a little bit tough. I'm, and I'm, I am not totally That's totally sure of all of the kind of the interplay here. I think this is kind of the general gist of it. assignment is okay we have commit coming up. We have some amount of like, we have a stage, you know. a metaphorical stage to say something to the world. and we'll get some amount of press attention because we're having an event. What kind of announcements do we make?