At GitLab, it's really, really tough to make product announcements because our entire roadmap is completely public. Yada, yada, yada. So. got it. So the thought here is to, but But also because our entire roadmap is completely public and because we ship these tiny little edges MVCs, a new feature will come out, but it'll be. not really usable, right? So it takes a while. So if you look back over past year and say, okay, what started in the last year but now is really like a full-fledged feature. What would become coming out of beta, right? Like if we were any other company. When we started a beta program in this last year, what would be be announcing is at commit that's kind of that's kind of my thought on it. I see a couple head nods. What do you think, Sydney? Thanks, Sydney. Yeah, I think I was inclined to. group some things to say like vulnerability management. because there were tiny little MVCs all the way along. But if you look at over the. course of the year we went from this to this It makes more sense to me to highlight that than in any individual. little thing. And then the other point was. we just had 14.0, can we just... Can we reuse some of those things and plug them in here? Absolutely. Yeah. And vulnerability management was one of the... the features out of, we looked at 14.0, so I think, yeah. this is like, let's take the stuff from 14.0 and then maybe add a few. more so that we can hit kind of different areas of press or give RPR team. This is kind of like input into our PR team to give. them fodder to go out with. And are we trying to hit three per stage? first stage? Yeah, ideally there's just, you know, three you know, uh, three items per stage and then I think y'all made some good notes that, okay, we need to add manage. So I see managing. So I see Manage in here, that's excellent. and integrations we don't, well actually we have some. pretty exciting integrations. So we have the Jira stuff is pretty good. There's a couple of things in integrations with VS code that could be notable, but I. Can I show what I did for SCM just to get some general feedback? on it. And if someone hasn't done it, maybe that'll also kick them out. Okay, I was going Cindy's directions here, which was thinking you know, a lot of, and then I call them key iterations, the sort of, specific things so I listed a few specific things like three or four per each as key iterations, but I called them something overall. we would have like one thing to call them. There's several key iterations aligned with Giddily cluster. several that roll up to a research-based user based user experience, and I was thinking like I was shy on call. out UX as a bucket, except that actually that's. super typical, right? Like Windows 11 or anybody who's rolling stuff out, they all- own stuff out. They almost always have UX as one of their three things. And then they mentioned a lot list of stuff that aligns to that. I, you know, forgave myself for doing something that first I was kind of like shy about calling out UX and and bucketing some things there but actually when I looked around that's pretty much how everybody does a big launch. In terms of And in terms of the excitement level that also like I went in thinking this is just a two. guess part of it is like, I feel like we're almost fixing something that's broken. and that's not something you want to shout from the rooftops about, but actually some of that stuff's really cool. So I gave it a three excitement level. I was sure exactly where to place things, but I figured I wouldn't like to Cindy's comment have something that's a one here anyway. but the only way I could make sense of the iteration. was to bucket them as something and... And so that's kind of how I came down on it and the other things about that. Yeah, I'm. like that I've done a similar, I've taken a similar approach. monitor with incident management. there were a bunch of things that we released although the core of incident management was part of 12.x, I think. exciting. So I did the same with that as well. Yeah. I think that makes sense. Yeah, that would help me. with the plan stuff as well, because there are some things like Epic Boards that people... have been asking for for years now and they finally have and that's great. But I think, you know, like the milestone burnout charts. That was a two and that's helpful. and I was looking through features and you know actual monthly features that were released in a given month. I mean that was one of the more important ones, but it's very exciting, but we can bundle that with some other things.