and up-level it. So that would be helpful there. And also, Brian, about the... VS code thing. One other cool thing about that is both of those VS. Code integrations that hit the same month were community contributions, which is also kind of cool. Is, is that is, do we have VSC? code listed on here? I didn't add it. but I can add that in. I've got good notes on that. The extension that had been around for a while became official was kind of one of the things there's some other stuff that's a little juicier than that. And that I think that's a that's a pretty note as well we did that with like our terraform module right there was like a community module now it's officially supported. So that's that's you know, that can be the line yes or no, whether you can. the thing for a lot of businesses. So I think that's. a good one, too. How are we measuring excitement levels? One, two, and three is there. I was, I was looking at maybe MAU. may be MAU as a metric to perhaps measure whether customers have started. using that are interested in using that or not. We probably may not have it for everything but at least some of it wherever we have it, it's probably something we can. we can use yeah but we of course we need a benchmark level what MAU we want to call 1, 2, and 3. I think it's a little, it's a little bit of a judgment call. like, you know, for example, Cormac. was saying like epic boards is something that was asked for. for a long time. Now depending on how it's for, maybe that means it's exciting or it's not, right? But usually when something gets a lot of upvotes or. when there's a lot of demand for it, then I would, I would bump the excitement level. something like that, certainly it's something shifted a lot of people are using it the ma you that's like that's another good measure. I don't know that any one of those needs to kind of be exclusive. think it's a bit of a it's a bit of an individual judgment column, just like what is what is your feeling based on, you know, could be an Could be anecdotal like you talk to customers and they're like really hyper excited about this Or, you know, maybe not, which is, which is okay. think it's okay. Harsh response. to my comment about why we have the low excitement ones. and just said something about having them sort of stack ranked. Yeah, I might. even constrain us as we're not going to highlight segments, but we want to see the full spectrum, especially in the case. we have slim pickings. Alternately, if there are double-digit entries, then we can stack rank. Um, so that's, that's kind of also helpful there. So if we have three for all of these, that, I mean. is that, I mean, it looks like we're going to get there and that's going to be quite a lot of features. might constrain it like this maybe you can only give out one, two, or three. and treat it as a stack rank rather than just like a raw excitement level. that doesn't necessarily. Somebody's one or somebody's three may be more important than somebody. I think it's important that somebody else is one. I agree. And I had. I started by just looking at what was considered a key feature over the past year. from from Create. And, you know, there are least a dozen things that I'm not mentioning that could be unbelievable. that could be on the list. Like I could give you 10 things instead of three. Yeah, give it, give this just like the rough, like pass. and like a lot of things recently have been between docs and spreadsheets and spreadsheets to docs. this might end up, or some iteration of this might end up in a spread. where we then try to stack rank in PR is like, okay, out of all of like the out of all of the, there's maybe 10 boxes here and three. out of the 30 items, which are the top five. Um, actually, let's just let's actually just do that. Let's just do this. like top top five overall we We did this one is a PR driven to some degree. What about like a new christie's product keynote at commit are we that Are we telling this with that? So this is exactly where this is headed. to is the idea that during the product keynote and then ideally during Sid's keynote as well.