did for Captain Phillips. And every time he did, I would go to him with a can of Copa. and say, take a dip from me, you're a hero, don't listen to them. negativity, don't listen to the haters. And I do that all the time, and I'm laying on top of him. my nods are still down and I see this Copeland head can come up and he goes, here, now you can. one of mine, because you know how it feels like, Jesus. Hahahahaha And then the guy next to me, he's another seal from Team... six from Manhattan and he asked me the question who got him And I said, Shit, I think I did. And he said, on behalf of my family, thank you. I was like Jesus. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. you say that and like and not to get to peel that onion back too much but like the criticism on people coming out and telling stories of heroism has always kind of perplexed me. I think that there are these stories that have to be told. These guys that have fucking spent decades in war and it's not a fucking easy job there's a reason why like that I said that thank you for your service thing earlier or life, limb, fucking everything. These are guys that are willing to go out there and run. not only a known threat, but like prominent. death, you know you're gonna fucking die and I think that we often too often criticize our own for being. a little public with that information as long as there's not TTPs and SOPs. That's exactly right. fuck with guys and in the continuation of the mission like why not tell these stories because you know, I know a lot of guys back in World War two and Vietnam that they probably wish they could have fucking told the stories of heroism of their friends that were doing these epic things in the name of the fight that America voted for this your point here and this was a big complaint and almost an argument I got into days before I left active. duty with leadership inside the air combat command because I raised my hand when they come around and do the dog and pony show with someone from headquarters Air Force like who has questions I go when are we getting a recipient? And the answer from them is, we don't do things. for the medals, and I go, yeah, that's great, but we need people. to be recognized for the things that they did so these young guys all in this room know who to strive to be and be like because when I came in in 2003, that was right after the first. wave of Silver Stars and Air Force crosses got awarded to the guys on Robert Ridge and Tucker Gar, it's right. So, me as a young guy. was reading citations of guys I was like just had this God complex for that was like these guys are fucking bad asses and badasses and we had this gap from like 2009. in our community where we just weren't recognizing anybody for anything. It wasn't that stopped doing anything, it's just people's, you know, people in the higher up and things like that stop rewarding guys for things that they do because it's jealously thing, it's a fucking- A lot of jealously? Yeah, it's a huge jealously thing. It's all ego, right? and I mean that's I joined the army to be arranged as blackhawk down especially to unit guys that were you know gate fucking died in and knew they were going to like I was like where I want to be in life. I want to be one of those guys and I don't give a fuck if I die in my 20s. because I want to be someone that is like a legend and respected. and you know life takes its course but I think it's super inappropriate. and unfair for people to judge at that level, especially when they've never put the fucking boots on and done the work, so. It's my one little thing I wanted to interject in there. I fucking hate it when I see our community eat her own. Oh, man. that happens to no fuck trust me. I know I'm you know and all I do is make fucking dumb you videos, you know, and you're like, you eat me for fucking having a career like you. a career like everybody just needs to chill out and realize that like we're fucking a community and a family and we have to like be better together and the only way that happens is if we come together as one. and I think telling the story too, like with my book, I got it approved through the DOD. How long did it take? Was it? Yeah. I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah. was like 17 months. Mine took like nine months. It was 17 for his. I think they wanted part of it. I think they want to part like this crazy. Yeah. But I just, as long as you're, like you said, you're not giving up TT. or putting anyone in harm's way the story should be told and I'm happy with mine like I I have a platform now where I can tell people I didn't have the most dangerous job in the military the soldier and the Marine and the airman that are walking through minefields in the... daytime in Kandahar. That's the dangerous job. And no one hears their story. there needs to be a platform for people out there doing it. I'm pretty sure we're happy that. I'm happy that George Washington brought a biographer with him when he fought the Hessians in the Revolutionary War. I'm glad we know what happened at Iwo Jima. I'm glad we know what happened on Normandy, you know. Right. The stories need to be told, like it or not, and it's not like ... It's not like me personally, I've never taken credit for bin Laden. I'm just telling you what happened on the stairs. Sure I'm talking about the bravery of the guy in front of me. Somebody else did, though. Somebody else tried. to take credit for that. Yeah, well sort of Um, uh, there was a book, no easy day that was written. Correct. And it's It's I again everyone on that mission to put their butts in the seat what's in the seat, risk their lives. They're all heroes. Fuck yeah. And a colleague of mine. wrote a book and I don't he was behind me. I don't know it's it's a know, it's a fog of war, it's a lot of emotion and stuff like that, but as far as I know... he never said he killed Bin Laden, he said he shot Bin Laden. Yeah, yeah, he did.