Butte High. I went to Butte Central. And so I called him the next day. the hey, I'm kind of Fox. What do you recommend? He goes well, I recommend next time you get a deal. I get arrested by to you while I get arrested by a guy from Budai. I'm like, thank you. Wow. Just making a joke. I mean it all went away. Yeah, of course, of course. I was still surprising the headless breathalyzer that's fucking horseshit Look what Ambien did to Roseanne's career, dude. Dude, I'll write in the dumpster. She went on Rogan and talked all about oh, yeah She did? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She talked about the ambient and she's just a late night tweeter. I actually kind of like the girl. she's she's very self-aware oh and on that note too I'm I'm I'm the first one to tell you when I drink too. Even when I get asked about the... Neil's in the NFL, I said, look, let me get something straight from Butte, Montana, white kid. a lot of these athletes have experiences I don't have growing up and every time I've been handcuffs, I fucking deserved it. So, I'm just saying, I'm not saying... don't drink, I'm just saying that wasn't one of the cases here. Exactly. Managed to make the Daily Mail and... some news in New Zealand or some shit. Exactly. I was just surprised at any... they just don't wake you up and say, hey, Rob. Well, believe me, y'all, we're good, we're gonna get you. I've done a lot of free training for a lot of SWAT teams, especially up in Montana. and I assure you there have been moments they could have arrested me and didn't. Yeah. so we're still good, we're even on the board. Yeah. Yeah. We were at a bar the other night. Jesus. We're not going to say which one it is. That's Matt's local place. I heard it's called area 51. Yeah, yeah, that's actually the gay bar. I love that callback. It's called a call it's called a callback in the biz, Rob. So what's your passion in life right now? like are you so I know you got the nonprofit and all that but like where do you not to be a high school? professor or teacher, but in ten years, where do you see yourself going? from here? What do you want to do? Well, my passion is the foundation. Okay. And the best, the best email I get every... hopefully twice, three times a week, because it's an individualized program, is when... Staff Sergeant so-and-so got a job at Merrill Lynch. And like, his wife hits me up with like, we couldn't have gotten the second career without your great. nation. Thank you. That's my passion and hopefully we've expanded in 10 years to point where it's not just special operations, it's not just rangers and seals and green braids. It's everybody, you know, from everything like that. And then I just got... And I just got married a little over a year ago. Congratulations. It's been a pleasure. Yeah, we have. I got married in August, oh I'm July. Yeah When did you meet her? I met her at a speaking she's funny. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, you had a single staunch. I did. Oh my God, how legendary was that? Well, I am married now so we can talk about this later. Was it over, under, 500? 500. She was funny. She was funny. I met her at a speaking engagement. And it was the story wasn't really out yet. So I just met her there and there was this it was so so she was hosting her company was hosting my speech so she's hosting it And there was a girl with me, and me. And after my speech, I went to the beach bar. I had this other girl with me and my soon to be well, my wife in three years was there too, and she was being respectful to the girl that was following me around. goes, well, how long you and Rob been together? And she's like, oh, we're not. I'm just, I'm following him. and she's like, well, where'd you meet? And she goes to Twitter, and I hear my wife go, oh. stand the fuck by, bitch. It's like, whoa. You're out of here. Ah. Hahahahaha! That's a boss ass, dude! That is a boss ass. boss that is move what's it like when you go to dinner parties that with people you don't and you're introduced. You kind of trump everybody in the room. It kind of sucks because... generally when we go to dinner when we go to dinner, I have to eat dinner before dinner because I'm not going to get a chance because it's all it's all hey I don't mean to bother you, but and hey real quick and yeah one more I bet it's awesome though I'd rather people be nice than not be nice I you know I ran into a Navy SEAL two nights ago in Miami to thing and he was kind of drinking kind of yelling at me about it's like you know I love you we worked together but I hate you but I love you but I hate you I'm like you're getting out of the Navy man. He's like I retire at 30 in one week. I'm like what are you gonna do now? And he goes, I don't know. I'm like, just shut up and give me a call. we'll figure this out together. It's like- Why would he hate you? Why would he hate you? Because it's the cool- thing to do. No, it's one of those, when people ask about seals and how they... think of me. I'm like, let me explain Navy Seals to you. If we took 10 random seals, Phantom seals filled their driveways full of a dump truck each full. money. Five of them would bitch at you because you blocked their driveway. So it's like, you're not going to keep them all happy. I think I know what he's talking about with you. It's the same thing too when we go out. There's a lot of people who just like, Oh, Hey, what's up, Matt? I don't watch your videos or anything. yeah I've never seen your movie or anything I don't I don't I don't know what's your and you're like tips in by the end of the night and they're like to stop it because you're doing something and same with you Rob you've done something that they wanted to do in their lives where it's just like after a few drinks then it really out of my gosh you did what I wanted to do well you go promotes insecurity right? And if you're not comfortable with yourself, you can't be comfortable with others. But I mean, if we all work together... we could take over the world. If guys didn't... Well, we kind of did, America. America. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's like the first.