U-coms where we can go party in Lithuania and hang out in Norway. it's like we're going to the mountains in the desert and that's about it from now on. man and imagine if you teleported yourself back frickin how many years is that I was in 77 of 15 years from bin Laden's thing. Yeah been launched then, yeah. Yes, 15 years back, teleport back and be like, hey, in 15 years you're going to be the dude. Yeah. Well, we'd heard about him when we'd, like, the first. deployment I did, I just finished sniper school. We went to Albania because there's a big exercise, and Bin Laden said, well, we have Al-Qaeda there, we're gonna try to hit this, so. We're going to try to hit this. So we're doing sniper coverage for them, you know, not a high threat but I remember hearing Bin Laden's name knowing who Al Qaeda was way before 9 11. just to think, yeah, this guy, this guy, then all of a sudden 9-11, then... And then again, like I said, it's the guys from Team six or Delta or. someone that's going to go get them. It's cool that we're trying to invent new tactics to see how we're gonna jump in to that cave complex with 50 fighters or whatever, but it's never going to be a mission to a house in a resort town on stealth helicopter. Yeah. Yeah. It's just no one in America. Yeah, man. That was cool, though. Those helicopters were badass. They actually... authorized me to mention them too in the book, so I could talk about them, but it was that was what I was gonna ask you. Yeah, we cut this I want to know because they're just like outfitted you age 60s right yeah yeah or age 60s it was just because we went out to Nevada I'm not allowed to talk about that, but we, uh, when we saw them when we saw them because we were convinced we're gonna get shot down And I was like, we were, we would plan around this planning table and I would talk to the guys. the guys and me of all people, saying we need to take this more serious like we're It's like we're this is a one-way mission. And so they kind of got all calm whatever then we flew out to wherever and we came out of a hangar and saw these things This is the first time you've ever seen it seen them and holy shit and I said wow this is a I guess it's 90% we might not get shot down because I didn't know we were going to go to war on a trans Yeah, that's got to be the first thought. Like, we actually. do have shit that we can't secret and then we kept it secret. No kidding God bless America on that one. You don't have to say it, but can you wink if it's Area 51? 51. So it rhymes with it. But I know where it is. But when we were on our, you know, we're two minutes out to been live. two minutes out to bin Laden's house like we open the will the air crew thank god they were there the army air crew how to open the fucking door. We never would have figured it out you look yeah right you look down and it's like uh you got a resort town i know there's a golf course behind us and it's like it's not it's not like going to a house and resort town. yeah yeah okay so and I just remember thinking man this is some serious Navy SEAL shit we're about to do. We're invading a town. I read books about this and I'm fucking doing it. right, I heard I can bench press 500 pounds I mean we were obviously we were looking was there any No, because one of the things that sort of eased our mind was most of their weapons are looking towards India really no one's gonna invade him from Afghanistan. So I mean is the thoughts there but then again what is me worrying about a missile gonna stop the missile yeah I'm just gonna think about for you. It's gonna be like oh you're over dead game. I mean was were they were they more reluctant on just the secrecy of not knowing where he was Well, we don't want to tell the Pakistanis all because the one of the choices was a unilateral up with the Pakistanis know that works They fucking tell him he's out. They'll go get him. They're taking him out. Yeah. Somewhere else. Yeah. Not taking him out, but... like moving him. Yeah, of course. So when you get back to United States and And how long do you stay as a Navy SEAL before you end up? getting out. Well we had a bunch of stuff go down in the aftermath because it's into a big dog and pony show. Everybody wants to see the guys that did it. Everybody wants to meet him. was weird for us because we're trying, we're low key, believe it or not. Then we start. making amazing shit. But then in August, extortion. one seven was shot down. So that's you know, we killed bin Laden made in August we lose Americans to include the dog fucking terrible and never And then we're planning funerals. And then we lost an entire troop. that you can't replace that experience so I'm fucking heroin dude. Oh, yeah, I mean that's a huge blow to like dick Well, on that one too, like, because the Rangers were in a fight and they went in and they said they put all 50, not 50 all 31 guys on one bird, because they said, dash two's gonna get shot. Dash 2 is going to get shot down, dash 1 might not, so we're going to roll the dice, and that just sucks. It happened. and then you know, we had to replace an entire troop. So I was a team leader. I wanted to move to another squadron so I could get right to Afghanistan because I knew I was going to get out in January, but I extended to August. Just sort of a kind of try. to like an offering. I'm saying, look, I'm not getting out because of this. I'm gonna go to war one more time but I am getting out in August so I'm gonna go to war one more time. I did that and then I got a terminal leave and realized I don't know what the hell I'm gonna do. That's why I founded your grateful nation because in that six months, I realized, well, not everyone can get out and sell hats and people are gonna buy them and believe. it or not, just because you're a SEAL, they're not going to hire you either, even though we all think they will. We all think that they will because we're entitled because why wouldn't we?