I met from Texas when I joined the Navy. I had a guy who... my roommate, Buds. I don't know shit about shit up from Montana. I met this dude my room and my roommate, and he said, I said, hey, I'm Robin. He goes, hey, I'm Wade. And I said, I said, where are you from, Wade? And he goes, I'm from Texas. So where are you from? said I'm from Montana he goes Montana what what part of Texas is that You're like, uh, that's good. That's good. The one that's not there. Yeah. definitely the one that very top part of it's now you're uh... now you're you're in new york city that seems weird right is good though because new york is—I'm in there less than half the year, but— I'm up there a lot, and what I like about New York is the anonymity. There's nine million people. that don't notice each other. You can walk outside. In New York? Nothing. Exactly, nothing. I mean well they run into people all the time there, but I mean it's nice that you go into a pub, the bartender notices, and he's gonna buy drinks. That's just the way it is. got I've you know tried to be the big dick and do bottle service to some of those clubs Sure, it's some those clubs sure someone notices it picks up a $2,500 tab yeah just chill like that and even the local pub near my wife and I go in there quite a bit. I have never paid for a drink there it's like three years that we when we're in New York we go there she went there one time without me, but she had her bridal part. And she goes, so Rob, turns out if you're not with me, they do. They do charge. Yeah. I just dropped 350 bucks. I thought I was hot. Shit. That's hilarious. Yeah, that's the thing about celebrities. and like when people get divorced like with women not that my wife watches those shows on VH1, but she watches those shows on VH1. They always say the same thing you're not with the guy anymore. It doesn't matter anymore. No and your ear And you're you're invisible and it doesn't matter if you're dating the most successful banker. There is what? Banker there is, or whatever, if he's not famous or isn't the guy in his field, nobody really gives a shit. I don't want to think about it in a celebrity sense, I just want to think about it in the sense of murdering bad people and like how many bad people can you put in a ditch? What kind of people can you put in a ditch? That is actually a, that is, it's a lot of, you know what's weird, too, and. you and I were talking about this before, like when you're in the bubble, when you're in the community. and everyone else is doing it, it's normal. This is normal. So it almost turns into a ... Well, shit, he killed three guys last night. We're going to kill one. Who's got the count? And then you've. then you get out of the civilian, when you make a gun joke in fact. I've actually probably never told a... story. It's fucking hilarious though. There's helmet cam footage, which I could never show. There were people casing us from a, whatever. I have my. my my NVG laser on him as he's running because they were trying to fucking ambush us, these assholes, and I'm screaming at my, not screaming. quietly, assertively, uh, delegating my opinion. to my fucking partner and I'm like if they run that way third squad's gonna fucking kill him, and we're not gonna get the kill list, dude, and they're running. Cuz we're keeping score man. We're keeping score. I mean the little bird came in and smoke showed him. Oh, yeah. Yeah Oh, yeah, I was like that's all really pissed off that it wasn't me pulling the trigger as if it was some competition of me versus you of who the bad guy is. No, no, the deal. No, no the DoD should have a running website that shows everybody's kill counts. It's like a video game for bad people. It would be amazing somebody give it also gives something to his spikes. That Bravo nail, man, he got 50,000 points. for that bin Laden kill. That's like one good shot. I mean, I killed way more assholes. on the lower level but he's got the big one and fuck they were you know it's funny too though is like and I know there's people out there saying certain numbers. I still don't know how to confirm a kill. No, I don't know. There's no one There's no special operations unit it is near fucking impossible Define kill, right? Because it's like, in a building, pop shot. Ranger squad like yes how do you define that who got the kill or even a dude that pops out you maybe put the first round and then like your whole fucking falling team runs at him and shoots exactly and then you're following like who defines that kill I stopped carrying a pistol because, you know, obviously the training was your... primary goes down go to your secondary but I realized by the time I go to my secondary my three buddies already aced him. Yeah, I'm good. Instead of a pistol, the extra weight, I'm carrying the cleaning room. gun went down. Let me just clean this real quick. Hey, you guys had some fun over there. My buddy used to tell the army like before before going out like oh you got to bring a confirmer like what's that he's like it's the officer that confirm the kills. I don't need another ops runner. No, but you wouldn't make guys, young guys. go search like asking for the Confirm or, hey, hey, does anybody know where they're going? Hey, did anybody know what a confirmer is? We had to change a bunch of SOPs because they had... because like they had that huts card, right? You mark down the people, whatever, I'm like I need to, so I need to. carry a card as if now did I just murder someone in that room? Yes, I did. Yeah, I kind of remember that. Yeah, I got it. I got it. Well, there. I got well, there may or may not be a severe case of something in my book that might be why it's 17 months. Possibly. Possibly allegedly. and possibly allegedly that uh... uh... assessing individual on a target that was a very guy and I took alternative methods of providing de- Yes, it turns out it turns out a mercy kill is not a mercy kill a mercy. Yeah, we will. We won't share the story because the books not. out, but after that, if it makes it, we will tell that story.