terrible or great moment in your life, but like you're so much more than that but obviously I'm sure the listeners want some details like so yeah which is funny right and I think that's when people say thank you for your service think that's really, it's a blanket statement, but that's, that's, thought that you just put through your head like yeah I'm gonna fucking die cuz think a lot of us have been in that position like oh, yeah in that position. Oh yeah, of course we're gonna die. You've walked in the buildings and they've wired cell phones. to fucking, you know, initiate an IED and just dump a whole platoon like it's standard walking down a choke point and it's like they're gonna put it there and we're all shit all shit can, but so did you were you like walking up there going? I know this is going to be an engagement with that individual or was it like, Is it did Santa come like cuz that's no no it was it was Santa it was it we're gonna But it was, we're going to blow up, and it's almost a question of how fast do I go to avoid it or do I get right on top? it and beat it? What are we... Because the guy in front of me is brave and he took the dump on the... turned out to be women that he thought weren't invested, he just kind of tackled them. So. he's taken it, too, and I just turned, so he thought they were gonna initiate it. Yeah, so he just- first, he killed the son on the way up the stairs, killed Khalid in line on the stairs. Khalid? And then we went up. I was like eight guys back, but I got to watch that go down. That was one of the coolest things I've ever seen. just whispered to Khalid and he came out and on. Yeah, and the kid. peeked his head out, right? I mean, that was just a very, very smart operator knowing if I- stay calm don't freak him out maybe I can confuse him maybe he'll come look at me he did. And he said, come here in two different languages, he knew Khalid spoke. and he rolled down the stairs I just died right there yeah he was like behind a banister on like a big stair that's in the middle of a that's what someone calls big dick energy. Yeah yeah Oh, he did that was that was that was badass epic and then so I was still eight guys back in the train and we up the stairs and they all split off to clear the rooms on the left and right and then left me in the point. man. And then we're kind of just standing there. He said something goofy, like. these bitches is getting trucking or some it was something weird where I said, I don't think that means what you think it means, like our last joke. Yeah, I guess the squeeze we're going to go up and blow up now, and that's that's kind of how went down it was never it wasn't going to be planned for him and him he and I it's just that's how came down did he communicate anything before the initial shots went off or it was just like oh he was he was he wanted to go up the stairs because he thought we could he's like they're putting on vests we weren't really talking but he really wanted to go and I I wanted two more guys. I wanted four more guys. I'll take two he just was saying he said come on come on he knew was one of his guys not me. It's one of my guys on my shoulder two men Yeah, so we got to go it was so when you go up there good bright violence of action, right? Yeah, sometimes you got to beat the fucking that's that yeah. The worst story in my whole entire life is because we waited too long and we let them... prep that's exactly that's cow shitty shitty fucking day. Yeah, so Yeah, sometimes you got to get in it of course so when you when you roll up in there. Did you was there any reaction? from like Bin Laden or was it just like a fucking deer in headlights like it was it was closer to deer in the headlights, but he was moving toward me with his wife in front of him and he was 6-4 and she was not and it's an easy shot from Houston easy shot from, he was three or four feet away. But just, I remember seeing him, I can see it right now. I want to and you know wearing the white skirt and uh or not skirt the white coals, uh, uh, yeah, it was it was dark. Yeah, and then I could just I could I could recognize his nose That's his nose. I was surprised at how short his beard was, but it was gray He was wearing his white hat, tall, skinny, old. but he's moving towards me he's not surrendering if you know a guy that high profile about a second to convince me not to kill him. Oh, of course. And he didn't do it, and I blast. him and then it's one of those feelings I'm sure you can agree. I hope you can agree Matt that like when you're in a situation and someone's not a threat you can kind of just feel it right so his wife was she's not wearing a vest I could just tell right so I moved her and he's dying at the foot of his bed. I could hear him take his last breath, and that's when other seals started coming in the room and his two-year-old son was there and I picked him up it because as a father I'm thinking poor kid has nothing to do with this. And I just watch his dad get blasted in front of him. So I. put him down. That's when other seals are in there, and that's when it sort of hit me. and one of my guys comes up and he just being a typical operator funny like man are you good I said no what do we do now yeah He said, now we find the computers, bro. We do this every night and I'm like, you're right, holy shit. Yeah, time to go to SSC. He literally goes, so you just killed Bin Laden. Now let's get back to work. God damn man. Yeah, man, that's crazy on that on that ride back. Did it ever? set into you because I'm sure being in the military this your dream kill it doesn't get any bigger well it was but it was it was going to be Delta. It was never going to be me, certainly. or it's gonna be senior guys from my command, but it's not me and then and again, it's not me it's the entire team did everything from the analyst to the pilots of the air crew but I took the shots so on the way back What a small world it is, is I'm actually laying on top of the sniper, who initially the fire for Captain Phillips. I'm actually laying on him as it could be. crowded because we had other guys from the SEAL team on there. They came in another squadron to get us. And I mentioned that he had been taking a lot of shit for what he