I don't want to ruin the surprise. I will tell the story no matter what once the book comes out. I don't go fuck if it's not in print. It's it's it's it's gotta come fiction. It's gotta come No, the book will come out. I'm just saying I'll tell story of whether or not the sensor or not, but yeah, so long term, what's your hopes and dreams now at this point? Well, I mean, we're good, like I said. want to do the foundation of your grateful nation. I'd love to continue speaking. have a feeling you're gonna be doing that for a very long time. It's cool. but the speaking thing is not as I don't get up and tell the bin Laden story, you know, I'll get up and talk about high performance teams, why we were good and how it applies. And like in the military, like the way that I say to a lot of these corporate sponsors and stuff to whom I speak, I'll say, you know, be good to each other, keep morale high. like when we were working all it was hey nobody wants to work for a dick knock it off So just make people want to be here, and morale is how you get along with each other, love each other. stuff like if there's a problem in the, we'll see. We'll solve it in the team room, man to man, don't get physical with each other. air it out, don't bring it out there and leave it at that. Keep them real high. Planning. planning, you know, this much planning, this much preparation, emotionless... decisions and never quit, you know, just keep moving forward like that people want to hear the bin Laden story, but they love hearing training stories. They love hearing buds. Yeah, they love that shit. They love as opposed to shooting a bunch of guys like where I was bunch of guys like we're obviously having fun doing they want to hear about the guy that's tied up and thrown in the pool what what make you want to be there, stuff like that. So I just talk about shit like that and then. Then I want to keep doing that if I can which is why I would never really want to be a seal cuz like I seal because I don't mind the water, but I don't like the water. so I'd rather just run it at a door with a machine gun, or that works for me, man. Now we've been actively trying to convince Tyler Gray one of the actors on the CEO team, to author a book. as the first fake seal to play a seal on TV to have a book of a book. Do you think this is a good idea? That's an excellent idea. I think it would be hilarious. I want to write the foreword. I know. We need to talk him into this. How a former army ranger and small mission units operator played a... navy seal. Yeah. Good book. Good book. Play the Navy SEALs. And then imagine the movie about the book about the TV show. I wasn't talking about that guy playing that was an awkward place in the house. We got the St. James Street jam right there. And no matter what it was, they all smelled amazing. Yeah. he's he's on the forward if we could get Tyler to do it. He'll write the road for every mission he's bring on Navy Steel Cologne. Should it, should it, should it be called, yeah. Could it be called the $74,000? Fake seal. $9900. That's funny. Oh, that's funny. Wet seal. Stolen velour. Stolen velour. Stolen velour. Stolen velour. the wet seal, the wet seal story, the wet seal story, the book. the book the book slash the movie Well, listen, Rob, this is, honestly, man, you made our... entire year being on the show. I appreciate having you. You were the most required. guest ever very cool. Very cool. He that's his words. You'll make my year if we just go tell some more stories over a good glass oh you know you know we're doing that okay yeah yeah yeah I look Yeah, yeah, look, it's civilians like me who are just, this is the happiest I've ever been in my goddamn life. It's like my kids being born. This is rad. Well, thank you. This is awesome for me and I'm super grateful that you out. I usually do this thing at this point in the show called the drinking bro of the week. However, your name has been requested so many times. It's like the drinking bro. of the century, year, everything. So it's you, Rob O'Neill. and seriously, thank you for being here. Thank you for what you did. you're a humble, awesome guy, on and off camera, so. So and then where can people check out your organization? Your grateful nation Yourgratefulnation.org is the foundation, but everything is underneath Robert J. underneath robertjoneal.com. Okay. So O-N-E-I-L-L, that last name. with the two L's and Shaquille have really screwed that up for me. Yeah, but it's yet Robert jail Yeah. But it's Robertjoneal.com and then it goes from everything from your great foundation to my speaking engagements. testimonials to like the apparel stuff that we do. We're just going to start selling. on, we've got to start selling this on our website. You have to. You have to. We've got to get this back. the fight. The margins are great. The margins are great. Oh. I mean, I'm kind of thinking, I'm thinking. my nomination for 2018 Broseman over here. Oh, maybe maybe yeah, I think we've got a serious contender yeah i think for brosman of the year behind you is a lovely trophy