hung out we got on the internet and it's all over new seal team sixes killed in life Team 6 just killed Bin Laden, then we got on a plane and flew. And so, you know, 15, 16 hours back by mean there were people waiting for us when we got there like everyone knew what happened everyone knew because every everyone on both coasts because you got SEAL teams in Virginia Beach and then corn And then Coronado every single seal gets asked who got him and he'd say well, don't tell anybody, but, and then that friend tells the bartender. on the McPeezer over at the Ready Room in Virginia Beach. I fucking shot me like that! That, by the way... is the most accurate video I've seen of that whole mission. I was going to ask you, so Rob Wiggle's Fun in Your Dice? That's how it went down. It really was. Yeah. that's basically what happened. I got a little trouble for that. Does he know, does Rob Riggle know? Yeah. I met him. I think he kissed me on the mouth when I met him at a Super Bowl party. up next. Hey, whatever. So question for you just because you know, we share similar backgrounds ish, you know farm more acclaimed service in your end, but the, is it different, right? Right. I'm trying to put myself in that perspective. I've shot enough people in my day, but I'm like is it different when it's such a high-profile individual, pretty much American? been hunting this motherfucker over a decade and You get a fucking drop dirt nap this fuck is it is it so reward or is it like well or is it the immediate sense fuck the fall The fallout that is the first thing when I shot him and I did a few things in the room it hit me and my one of my first thoughts was oh my is this the worst thing I've ever done or just the best thing I've ever done? This is, this is uncharted shit. here, and I saw what happened to one of my friends who was the lead sniper that initiated the fire to rescue Richard Phillips one of my best friends in Phillips. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. He led the. fire. Our job wasn't to go kill those guys, we had snipers down for security. He saw something once they initiated the fire, the other snipers reacted, and they all shot but he which you were he got a lot I was there, but I wasn't down shooting. I was one of the assault team members. But because he and his ... But because he initiated the fire, that was the biggest mission we'd ever done. He was getting shit from his bosses, like they were pissing. him because that close to something that big and they didn't get a shot, but he did It's a weird sense that starts going down. So I knew, I knew when that happened when I shopped in lawns like oh man, this is not only is there gonna be blowback but someone's gonna find out who I am and they're gonna come after me now. Navy, I'm talking, are you over that now? That paranoia? Now that parent I'm not over it. It's just it's a realization that it's it It's there. I mean, it's there. You never... Even... Even... Even... So... sub the enemy threat like with what everything went down with Chris Kyle all of us have this in the back of our right now that it could be one of our fucking own that just once yeah, it's just a few minutes some weird. Yeah, it wants to be the one to be the one that, there's a worry there. yeah with the threat though it's you need to be aware that they want we're all target Yeah, not just us, but I'm talking like they're not gonna wait for me to watch going to wait for me to walk out of Fox News by myself walking quickly when they can go a block up and hit Times Square with whatever they got sure like if they're waiting with a gun they're gonna go kill people instead of waiting to try to find me. Right. But the threat's there, yeah. and you know, so guns, dogs, cameras, security system, sometimes armed security, but... as armed security, but you do what you do. I agree and mildly disagree with that. I think that, yes, you have. soft targets where you could get the most mass casualty, which is national news, but then there's also I think the same way of like shooting such a high profile has been lost. Has been long like because I'm a fucking nobody but I think about that and it's why I take such security measures in my own life is because I'm a fucking douchebag on the but motherfuckers, I mean, I make fucking, fucking, that would make. it very, very true. There's a reason I sleep with night vision and the suppressed fucking AR and yeah of ammo and we got a fucking hardpoint plan like this. Yeah, I sleep with a pillow under my gun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I love that one. I didn't know how to make that up, but I'll take credit for that. Yeah, it's my honor all jokes are recycled. I'm sure somebody else were in credit for you guys It's just gonna happen, believe me. I did, it did. Just walking up to that door, though, where you just tickled. Just like, ah. No, going up, going up the, well, going into the. house was awesome because like my guys are already inside because they crashed. and we're outside. So they're already in there in the fight. We didn't know they crashed we just know they're in there's because there's all the shooting going on so when I got in it's just looking at it's like oh, this is fucking cool. That's been lawns house. That's more that feeling and it's gonna blow up tonight and we're all gonna die, but I'm gonna take this in but then going up the last set of stairs everyone did such a great job nobody was afraid even though there should be IEDs everywhere in the house. There's one guy in front of me. I'm behind him. and we know Bin Laden's going to be up there. And that's where the suicide bombers have got to be. So it was even a let's go get him. It was more of I'm fucking tired of thinking about this man Let's go So two of us went up and it was, it had turned into a surreal. real, followed by frozen, followed by shit we might live. Get the fuck out of here. I know there's... there's speak of that in the book and I actually really want to get to know you more on a personal level and that's speak about one fucking day of your whole entire life because it doesn't define you. I don't think. I think it's just. appreciate that absolutely man. I you know I have a decent amount of friends community obviously with my background, Jared's background, we all know that you can define yourself by one absolute...