this is a special day for Drinking Roast Podcasts. Long awaited, long awaited, long awaited, this, Rob O'Neill is here, you were the most requested guest we had in three years. dead serious three years all they've asked is for you to come on the show we said we would make it happen somehow some way and you are here today. I was kind of wait around till you guys got more followers I know you guys are not big enough. We've been huge for a while. We've been huge for a while. I know, I appreciate it. It's great to be down here. Yeah, we should all thank Ross for his service Thank you. Yes, yes. You're welcome. A moment of silence. Ross's service in the food industry. I think out of the four of us, we know who the real hero is here. I said, did Dakota Meyer show up? Yeah, yeah. exactly. I took out my chef at Olive Garden once, like just pushing. It's like just pushed him out of the back door, made it myself, made the chicken parm myself. No, Rob, seriously, it is an absolute honor and a pleasure to have you here. Thank you. It's been great to be here with all you guys. Appreciate it. Yeah. Very cool. Hell yeah. We're going to drink whiskey. Have fun. and do butt stuff. And I'm already up one free bottle of navy seal cologne. Maybe she'll claw him, I can't. Why did you make that, by the way? did I yeah I did we had the idea yeah we were just we were just hanging out. That's a wonderful idea. It was like so funny. We had a friend that had a bottling company that was able to just test fragrances and stuff, you know Rocco. It's like Rocco. You got a cologne guy. He's like yeah, I do yeah, of course Yeah, I do, yeah, I do. Yeah, of course, Rocco. So we got the prices back on it, and it was like super easy. to do to run 500 bottles. And so we were just like, let's just do it. Like, and we had. do this logo, it's just ridiculous and funny. and it means it's just like oh let's make are you selling it anymore now now you know No, no, no, it was a limited edition right anymore. No, but really the reason for that was is I wanted to make one of those fake Calvin Klein commercials with the whispering and the black and white. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Then just, and make it all about that. Exactly. Smells like. I was like parachute, I was like parachute ops, parachute. Maritime. Maritime. Like, so it's just... Yes, Mass. It's just and then like when we got the sample bottles back. I took a I was on the range with Apaches and there's an Apache hovering right by me so I just took a slo-mo video and played the Team America song while holding the Navy seal bottle and posted that and it went crazy like it's just gonna be available so it was like alright I guess we're running it now yeah oh man have you ever seen what I did with that? I did. with that it was trying to pick up the girl and I'm like I'm a Ranger she's like cool bro Cool, bro. And then I pull out the Navy seal and then she's like just hardcore sex Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just goes straight to hardcore sex. My mom didn't like that commercial. So I didn't write. So I didn't rightfully so but that's funny. My mom keeps playing it like over and over and over. Oh, well, that's good your mom and I have a special relationship. What do you do special? We insert things into ATMs Oh Rob if you've seen Jared's mom kind of shocking where you're like, what the shit, yeah. Yeah, really well put together super cute lays out by the pool very tan down for any of that fits and the way her tan lines pop off of her skin or if it's sodding to the copper-toned baby tan line sizzling. hand line says our put down just a peak yeah yeah stop it I'm a big tan like guy. My dad was in the Navy 29 years. Oh, wow use on the Apache, which what kind is that? Yeah I saw a sub, yeah. It's a spook boat. Yeah, yeah. Those are tough. Have you been on a sub? well, yeah, with him. With him, yeah, yeah. Not out to sea. Tight course. I was at Jersey Mike's the last time I was on the sub. Oh yeah, that's right. Not the same type of service again, that's the food and different. different service all together that I was in where you were you living now I'm in between Dallas New York City. Fuckin' cool. Yeah, I travel quite a bit. I'm on the... I'm on I'm on the road doing a lot of Speaking speaking a lot of stuff for my foundation. We try my foundation. You're a grateful nation. Transitioning special operators to the private sector. a lot of... What was the name again? Your Grateful Nation. YG and yourgratefulnation.org we, yeah, we take guys from, right now, special. forces into the private sector because they have a lot of skills that they don't know they have a lot of companies want, that they learned in the military. how to how to lead B-led stress management, loyalty, and we put them through a nine month mentorship program and then in any industry there. want, they're in charge of major projects. So a lot of a lot of time on the robot that i found out how much it cost to run a foundation. so I'm out there a lot. Yeah, it's crazy, right? Yeah, yeah. Jared's wife actually wanted him. in the loyalty program. Oh. Oh. God. He's on secondary. That was fun. sad. Whoa, yeah, legs cut off on that one. Where are you going? with this? No, I'm totally kidding. I am. Do you enjoy... public speaking? I love it. It's no it's yeah, it's a trip because you get and it's it's kind of a rush to get front of people. I like to see, try out new material, a lot of jokes in there, a lot of military. type jokes that the corporate people don't think are jokes. Thinker jokes, so it's funny to see their reactions. Get on stage, like in the first 30 seconds, drop an F-bomb.