scale, what mechanisms does you suggest? to handle this timing mismatch. Oh, I don't. have any suggestion at this point. Here, I'm only present one. to present what IDEA has done and what BGP can do for this. For the dynamic matrix, maybe there will be some other considerations. and there is a presentation earlier before me talking about all those control No point. control point maybe something has to be um evaluated and Evaluate it and then see if that applicable for this. Okay thank you. Well, thank you very much. Wait a second, wait a second. There are some discussion in the chat box. Jeffrey, so the authors of the solution dropped with BGP related or just. the authors of the applicability draft. ability dropped. Please see some discussion in the chat box. we may find out the rate change of the computing resource so we can discuss. whether BGP is a suitable protocol to... to realize care system. Okay, thank you. Next. Show me Okay, good afternoon everyone. I'm presenting our work. on the cuts for OTN. Today, multi-site computer services have become common. but there is a traditional traffic dispatching, being technically typically based on the nearest site selection often falls short. More importantly, for the highly demanding workloads such as model training and inference. the inference the pure packet based steering may not meet the stringent requirements for latency jitter and determinism Our work extends the class thinking into optical transport domains bringing the deterministic transport capabilities into discussion to address these challenges. We have identified some use cases which require both the compute awareness and the network awareness. simultaneously this includes a model training and the inference jobs, which require the which impose the strict synchronization requirements on the distributed GPU. the GPU clusters and there's a high performance computing workload and telehealth services are examples with the high bandwidth is very important. these use cases share a common requirement. They need a deterministic and high bandwidth transport with guaranteed performance. We take the... agreed CAD framework and functional components, and it's... and then extend them for OTN. The key idea... is to use OTN to complement packet-based cuts. by combining compute matrix with optical with the optical layer matrix it enables us to establish end-to-end hard isolation for demanding service flows. and the traffic can be mapped into optical containers. such as ODOK and the FGOTN. The path selector can consider several factors, such as deterministic pulse latency, valence, continuity, constraints, optical link performance, and computer research. the computer resource state. Let me walk through the framework. and the workflow. The key building blocks have been defined in the existing CAS framework. And the workflow works as follows. First, our service is identified by its CIS ID, and then measure the service. and then matrix from both compute side and network side. are distributed to decision points under the and the CPS will choose the best instance. and the optimal path and the traffic. will be classified in the ingress and the map into optical transport containers. Finally, the traffic is delivered to the selected service instance.