mapping and the CSMA-CNs and my parameters for monetary and monitoring and the telemetry we can we can set up uh young model the young model push and the telemetry to management stream real-time. cash flow, such as the status, the parts, that performance and the community is received. uh is resource status to management system for For OAM enhancement, we can extend the pin. trace of operations to touch into specific CSAD for service level. for the lecture and the past work. pass verification uh let's go to the cast Let's go to the CAS data plane applicable for data. The full data plane, it is focusing forwarding on the data. data forwarding and, uh, uh, uh, uh, it can. fully replace on existing data plane. that is there is no no new no new data plane a showing figure, they will use case for as I will look, as I will fix the data play. it's end-to-end the process is very simple for ingress for ingress code REST code node, it can classify packets. then encapsulate with CRISPR. the header to print to the selector. for egress and for egress note, it can decapitate and deliver to the, deliver. data to the local interface. To make it clear, we make a summary. table for protocol extension analysis. For control plane, it is very important, very critical for our draft. It can extend BGP-LSP. PIRS, PECP, or BGP flow spec for BGP. For BGP, BGP ILS, we can need extend a new... send a new metrics for computer component metrics. for PCP, we can add a new the new objectives to carry computer can. constraints of performance. Now for BGPFS, we can add a new. match criteria for CSID for. uh for management uh playing it is a chrome model is about young, we can enhance models forecast. to forecast the configure telemetry and the OAM. For the data plane, it is fully depending on the IPv6 and SRV6. I always think the exact same exact same protocols. It's just only defined SIDs. SID 70x4C SID the greatest thing for this drafter is to... to analysis the existing. protocol to work in CAS and well. while still enabling efficient communities. a community and a networking convergence. maybe we hope it can go and then give me clear what I can propose to people. possible cost to deploy CAS. Thank you, that's all. Thank you, this draft is just a first version. we would like to look forward any questions. or comments. Thank you. Xinxin, please. Hi, Xin Xin from China Unicom. Can you come? Yes. Okay. And we think... well we think this work is very important and uh is uh it's meaningful and uh my first question is Next question is, will this drafter and are given specific protocol recognition. a recommendation for the deployments such as may uh you can you you will uh recommend the BTP-ELS for the distribution. distribute deployment, or you will recommend the is some other protocol to the space. the specific deployment you will do this about this is a question.