Yeah, so thank you for that prompt about the doctor. prompt about adoption. As the working group is now... Working Group has now pushed two drafts out to Jim and has. another roughly approaching last call. uh the chairs are going to sit down and try and make a plan for what's next and then run that past the working group and certainly. these last three drafts that we've had. are kind of high candidates for us, but we need to... just sit and think about it carefully and then we will come to the working group. work out what we should be on next. Yeah, thank you. Okay, next. Hello everyone, I'm Mina. Today, on behalf of my co-authors, I will present our updated draft computing metric as a service. It provides a service. Service-Oriented Approach Forecast Traffics it has traffic steering. So let's start with a fundamental question. what do clients and cps need do we really need to disseminate specific computing metrics. Let's look at different row. First, climb. First, clients, they want to consume surveys, they want to know what surveys are available so they don't need any specific computing metrics. for from CPS perspective it's work as steering traffic. it needs to know which surveys are available. at which nodes so it doesn't need the concrete computing metrics either. Actually, we need a specific computing metrics locally only when we allocate the results and deploy the service once the services. is up and running, no matter role metrics or. aggregated metrics. It's completely. are completely unnecessary so we propose that the network should only disseminate to eliminate lightweight service level information. To achieve this, we introduce the public service platform. hosting logical registry called Public Service Table. It's an exam... example of the table. It acts as a standard recipe config. for our available service. For clients, this table defines what service exists and the required input. the input the expected computing time it helps them. understand the service and. the surveys and formulate your requests. For service sites, this table defines the... the minimum computing requirements and storage requirements. The survey side suggests a query this table to fetch the running code and the software dependency and then allocate results to deploy the service. The complexity of the hardware is completely hidden behind this table. Once the service is deployed, there will be a critical transformation instead of disseminating row metrics. the service site model their results in two services unit, as shown in Table 2. The most important metric is gas or globally available slots. For example, three here means that the set has three AL1 extensions. AL1 stands at port 67 and it also provides the car. and the local computing time. The set has four controls. over its capacity and the table. is the only thing needed to advertise to the network. This diagram shows overall information. flow, the CSMA of each.