just slowing down, and in a cross-domain, environment, these problems are much more worse than or worse, the RTT is longer and the bandwidth is expensive. sending the wrong traffic at the wrong time. Here is Runtime here is very costly. The old one-size-fits-all approach breaks down completely. It takes down completely for AI and for next slide. what we propose our proposal is a simple, a thematic contract. contract between the app and the network here's the deal the application provides a little bit of key information. about the traffic just at the basis. like what a type of data is and how urgent it is. which compute resource it prefers. and it can tolerate like a bit of delay or lower. position. The network then uses this info. as input for its policies, it doesn't treat every packet equally anymore. It can now tell flows apart and apply the right action, high price. High priority for urgent gradients, buffering for large practice. for large parameters or small tearing towards a specific type of processor, like a GPU. or FPGA, so this creates a clear map from semantic information like traffic class urgency to network policies like priority, queuing, shaping or steering. The network finally understand the contest. okay what a InteliNode intelli node is and how it use the semantics okay the contract provides a meaning but how does the network on it? This is where IntelliNode comes in. Think of IntelliNode as networks. the network's brain for real-time scheduling is building inside network so it can see live conditions queue devs, link usage, what the computer nodes are doing. and it gets the semantic info from the contract. It combines these two things, what, like somatic and... and how is a network right now state. then it makes a microsecond level decisions. Based on this, it can perform real actions right inside the data path it can choose the best path, split a large tensor buffer, lower priority data or stair traffic to a specific server so in short the symmetric contract the network, what the traffic means, and IntelliNOS is a framework. that lets the network decide and do the right thing. with that knowledge it can make the network active and the service and service aware. And what we plan to do next, our plan focuses on turning this idea to practice first we need to refine the thematic model we will work with frame developers to nail down the smallest most of most useful set of information that might be shared Second, we must define how to carry this info package, we are looking at the extension's hard headers or new TRVs, especially for protocols like Rocky V2, so switches can really it at a line rate third we have to clarify the decision boundaries. What should endpoints handle versus what's better decision. inside the network. We need a clear rules. their roles. And finally, we will build prototypes and types and the testimony. We need real data to provide that this approach actually improves the performance results. performance, resource use, and efficiency for AI workloads. Our goal is clear to move from just talking about traffic semantics to actually in build enabling practical electrical e-network handling for AI service. Okay, that's all my share. Thank you. Okay, thank you. No one in the queue. So my suggestion is... to find out the suitable place to move this. draft or just find out what's the relationship between