doing sniper coverage for them, you know, not a high threat, but I remember hearing bin Laden's name knowing who Al Qaeda was way before 9-11 and just a And just to think, yeah, this guy, this guy, and then all of a sudden 9-11, and then again, like I said, it's... the guys from Team Six or Delta or someone that's going to go get it. someone that's gonna go get them. It's cool that we're trying to invent new tactics to see how we're gonna jump in. We're going to jump in to that cave complex with 50 fighters or whatever, but it's never going to be It's never gonna be a mission to a house in a resort town on stealth helicopters. Yeah It's just no one at home. America. Yeah. Yeah. America. That was cool though, those helicopters were badass, they actually authorized me to... me to mention them too in the book so I could talk about them, but it was that was what I was gonna ask you. yeah, if we cut this I want to know all about it. It's like outfitted you age 60s, right? Yeah. Yeah age 60s. It was just because we went out to Nevada. I'm not allowed to talk about that a lot of talk about that, but we was in area 51. When we saw them, when we saw them. because we were convinced we're going to get shot down. And I was like. we were planning around this planning table, and I would talk to the guys like us, and me of all- people saying we need to take this more serious like we're this is a one-way mission so they kind of got all calm whatever then we flew out to wherever and we came out of a hangar and saw these things and this is the first time you've ever seen anyone's seen them and holy shit. And I said wow, this is uh, I guess it's 90% might not get shot down because I didn't know we were going to go to war on a transformer. Yeah. that's gotta be the first thought like we actually do have shit that we kept secret and then we kept it secret no kidding god bless america You don't have to say it, but can you wink if it's Area 51? And so it rhymes with it, but I know where it is. we, but when we, when we were on our, you know, we're two minutes out to bin Laden's house. Like we opened. the, well the air crew, thank God they were the Army air crew, knew how to open the fucking door. never would have figured it out And you look, you look, yeah right You look dead You look down and just like you got a resort town. I know there's a golf course behind us it's not like going to a house and asking a cancer. I know it's a resort town. Yeah, yeah, okay. and I just remember thinking man. This is some serious Navy SEAL shit. We're about to do We're evading a town. I read books about this and I'm fucking doing it. All right. I heard I can bench press 500 pounds I mean, we were obviously we were looking was there any everything. Uh, no I know cuz one of the things that sort of ease our mind was most of their. weapons are looking towards India. No one's going to invade it from factory. invaded from Afghanistan so I mean the thoughts there but then again what does me work And what is me worrying about a missile gonna stop the missile? I'm just gonna think about it. You're just gonna be like. Oh, you're just dead game. I mean was were they were they? more reluctant on just the secrecy of not knowing? where he was Well, we don't want to tell the Pakistanis. That's all because one of the choices was a unilateral, multilateral op. with the Pakistanis. No way that works. No, you tell them he's don't go get him. He's They'll go get him, they're taking him out, somewhere else. Not taking him out, but moving him. Yeah, of course. So when you get back to the United States and how long you How long do you stay as a navy seal before you end up getting well we had a. bunch of stuff go down in the aftermath because it turned into a big dog and... show. Everybody wants to see the guys that did it. Everybody wants to meet him. That was weird for us. because we're trying it we're low-key believe it or not then we started making to make him ready. But then in August, extortion one seven was shot down. 1-7 was shot down. So that's, you know, we killed Bin Laden in May, in August, we lose 31- Americans to include the dog fucking terrible and then we're planning funerals and then we lost an entire troop. You can't replace that. experience, so. And fucking heroism, dude. Oh, yeah. Dude, oh, yeah, I mean, that's a huge blow to walk to like there's a Rangers Because the Rangers were in a fight and they went in and they they said they put all 50 not 50 all 31 guys on one bird because they said that's who's gonna get shot down dash one might not, so we're gonna roll the dice and that just sucks. It happened. And then, you know, we had to replace an entire troop, so I was a team leader. I want to know. to another squadron so I could get right to Afghanistan because I knew I was going to get out in January. I extended to August. Just sort of a kind of try to like. an offering. I'm saying, look, I'm not getting out because of this. I'm going to go to war. more time, but I am getting out in August. So I'm going to go to war one more time. So I did that. and then I got a terminal leave and realized I don't know what the hell I'm going to do now. Now that's why I founded your grateful nation because in that six months. I realized well now everyone can get out and sell hats and people are gonna buy them and and believe it or not just because a SEAL, they're not going to hire you either, even though we all think they will. Because we're entitled. because why wouldn't we be it's the columbus It's the cologne. It's the cologne. It's the cologne. Rob's got a cologne. Yeah. So the... But yeah, it was before I didn't do 20, I did almost 17 and but it's time. It's just time to get out. You know sure Sure, and I guess where I'm going with this after that is when you kill the most the biggest high-profile person in the world only supervillain yeah how do you come down right I'm start That's right, I'm gonna start saying that from now on. He's the only one! But doesn't the rest of life seem boring at all? It seemed boring at that point. No, it's good. I'm good. I was like, I'll take that question for you.