Welcome back to another episode of podcast and color in the podcast. I'm berry lover of pocket This is a super late episode, but it's here. This episode will be on podcast tips, questions I receive a lot and things I think others shouldn't know so you can make better decisions about your pipe. about your podcast. So if you make a podcast this will be helpful to you. If you don't, I... can understand on skipping this episode, but if you know someone with a podcast that has questions, I do think this episode will be helpful. And if you're listening, and you share this episode on social media, I would love if you include the. hashtag pods and color pod so that I could find it and like it because I will it and like it and maybe repost it and that sort of thing. Use it in your insta- stories and I will watch your Instagram story. That's the same with pods and color when you're sharing your podcast or podcast your guest on And that's the same with Pod End. When you're listening to a podcast, I love watching all those Instagram stories, seeing what people are listening to. I love the shots of people's car. radios because it just shows that you're in motion and that's how we are. So just letting me know what you listen to on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook. using any of the hashtags, I do appreciate it. Pause and color pie. pods and color pod when you're listening to this podcast and then pods and color when you're just. sharing podcasts. You like your podcast, podcast your guest on. and then pod in when you are listening to a podcast, when you're checking other people. out because it is important to support other. podcasts as many as we're creating because that's how we grow. thank you for all who have been buying merch of course I'll put in a merch link in the episode notes. So if you would like a pack. the weather. So it's a very important to know that you're going to have a podcast shirt or jacket or pullover. That is all of the weather. We'll be right back. We're back at the That is all on there even a long-sleeved shirt. Just so people know you know listening to a podcast and you would like them not to talk to you because that's what I'm all about. First, I'll start with a few podcasts. tips that I love. Episode notes. I will link to a few different episodes. that I love in my episode notes. I look for what the podcast is about and social me links for the podcast, and if there's a guest in the podcast, social media links for them. also. I think the future of podcasting and it's already showing in some of the newer apps is that search. in podcast apps are going to search podcast episode notes. to help more discovery as we grow. So if you're already. ready, you don't have to get ready when we see that feature coming out more. and more. About some of the things someone will search and you want them to find your... podcasts under those search terms and think about including those in your episode. notes. This is a long game in a new media so thinking of things that will help you in the future, I believe, or you know, how most of the people that will be successful in the future will be successful. First, I'll start with a few podcast tips that I love and that I repeat a lot. first one is going to be on episode notes and of course I will link some of my favorite examples of episode. notes in my episode notes. I look for what the podcast is about and social media links for the podcast and if there's a guest. social media links for them also, I think the future of podcasting to our podcasting and it's already showing in some of the newer apps, we'll be searching podcasting. search and pack SFs are going to search episode notes as discovery is more worked on. So you can think in terms of what someone will say. to find your podcast or what terms you think that people will search to find your... podcast and make sure those are in your episode notes. This is just like SEO on. Google and of course Google Podcasts is in a game now. Think about the things that some search and you will want them to find your podcast like TV. with Q and J is always talking about that they're a womanist podcast. So I. remember when I was a guest in their podcast. I would say that would be something you would Google to see if that you're coming up if somebody says, oh, I'm looking for a podcast that does that, is that something you come up on the first page? So it's really about like... It's really about podcast SEO, dealing with episode notes. Will people be able to find you? from the information in your episode notes in the future and as more podcasts, apps deal with discovery and searching, you know, episode. will that help you be found? Because we're all about being found. Number two, it'd be a good social media profile. I love one. that has an Android and iOS link in the profile. You know, link trees are free people if you do have an Instagram account. a link tree will let you put a bunch of different links to a bunch of different places. you could have Apple, Android, Pocket Cast, Castbox. cast box, radio public, you know, all the different links of where someone could be listening. they can find your podcast or link that they can use on their phone for your podcast. My next tip would be Google your podcast. while you aren't signed into Google. This is something I do always sign out and then I'm searching things in Google. So it's not just saving it things I search and giving the things that they think I want to see because I've googled it before.