network to get on in London because they were creating good shows. by black people, but after the festival. Festival, the UK Podcasts, well some of the UK Podcasts have participated. claimed they hadn't been paid, and then the shows that had the biggest. buzz on the network, either left or disbanded a few years ago. disbanded a few weeks after the festival. This is a letter from Satya, who will be the co-host of Melanin Millennials. and talking about the breakup that happened in this post is from a Twitter post and I will link to it in the episode notes. you can see like when this went down it was all over Twitter. was kind of crazy. This is from a tweet. That tweet is from September 15th, 2017. The tweet says, Hey, Congregation, sadly. Sadly, I can no longer put off addressing what's been happening regarding the past. So here goes. Satya here. Cool Creator. co-creator and co-host melanin millenials parenthesis mm parentheses, podcast, following some of the revelations about Shoutout Network, parenthesis S-O-N, parenthesis. from my fellow podcasters, I would like to provide my perspective and transparency and transparency on how all this came be. It's taken a lot for me to arrive at this point. the point where I have no choice but to put pen to paper in order to sh- out the truth. I feel I owe it to our listeners, to our cons... to our concerned supporters and finally to myself as a route to moving on. As announced by the SON... yesterday, they are no longer supporting melanin millennials or to be more precise, no longer supporting the show with my involvement. Consequently, I have been removed from my position as co-host and deny my rights as co-creator. M.M. Rose... M.M. arose when my former friend and current CEO of S.O.N. M.R.A. M.A.R.L. Morgan informally asked me to start a podcast with her. In September slash October of 2015, I came aboard and we worked together on the format on our mission and I christened the show with its name. I'll wear original ideas with no... external input and MRL was not affiliated with S. with SON, but we came at CEO months after MM's launch. I was also told that her boyfriend Effie, founder of SON, was in So in what's interested in curating a network of podcast and that mm would be the first attempt at this endeavor. All this was done on the basis of verbal agreement prior to MM's launch that That whatever we parenthesis myself and MRL parenthesis and morale, parenthesis, created as M-M was ours, that as a... That SON's role would be to record, distribute, and... and no contracts were signed until almost a year after MMS instead. On September 17th of August... this year, I met Effie and Emeril and was informed that it was no longer go on with the show on the next day. the 22nd of August, I received an email e-mail stating her intention to continue with the show on the network. with new hosts in a new format, something that had never been discussed me. I also learned that SON had begun to look for my replacement. biggest resolution, however, was that SON owned the trademark to the show and that they had done so without my knowledge. consent. They began that process on the 15th of September 2016 as we were deciding on MM's future parallel to the contract negotiations. I also have no access to all MM related accounts. The past two years with melanin millennials, I have dedicated hours of my personal time to create content, record, and promote the podcast. and to do so much of the behind scenes needed to make the podcast what it is. I did this for not any personal gain, but because I believe our mission of amplifying the voices of black British millennials. celebrating our work and openly discussing our challenges. I have loved being a part of Melon and Milenials and am deeply upset with the challenge. I am deeply upset by not being afforded transparency, agency, and ownership. as the podcast has grown. I cannot say what will happen next. I will say that I do intend to reclaim ownership. of the content I created for the podcast. This is the first step to Minnie telling you my story. I have enjoyed my time on MM, I am incredible, I am incredible. proud of what I have achieved and regret that this has been cut short of my will. I want to thank all the listeners, well-wishers, and supporters. of the podcast and my role in it since its inception. You are what has made this journey so exciting and fun. I've had the absolute privilege of meeting and interacting with some of you.