need to help to make it reach a full commercial potential. You know, and I think for me it's again not a question of is this good or bad It's just more of a question of when. So after figuring out... you know, what you needed to do to get ads, you've reached out and you maybe have an agent. you know there's other things going on, or you're like, hey, whatever. a thousand you know a thousand an episode I was able to get an ad and I need to know what to do. I always want to make sure that people know about dynamic ad insertion. It's something most can do. It depends on where you're hosting. Here's a clip from the Wulff Den explaining DAI and how it works. Let's start with... dynamic ad insertion and we'll do a quick primer and if you think I get any facts wrong let me know. traditionally historically all podcast ads were baked in. meaning they were in the recording of the file itself when Mark Maron or when Mark Maron. or when Marco Arment sat down at the microphone to record their shows, they would record their ads in there, and... that's in the file there read downloads and now some companies that are in the space are increasingly using dynamic ad insertion, which says hey, let me insert an ad at specific points that somebody has marked in this episode at the time of download did that sound about right yeah and so the idea basically is like when you have the kind of the old way of doing things. Every download of the podcast gets the same. set of ads, whether, you know, no matter where they are, no matter who they are, and no matter when they down. the file, you know, they could download the file two years later when the advertiser has long since stopped. paying for it and, you know, they still have that same ad for a company from two years. ago that might not even exist anymore and then we We with a make out insertion. You're literally getting the ads spliced in on every down So every download of the file can have different ads in it than any other download even to the same person. That's right. And typically the folks they're doing, they're doing it for a couple of reasons in my experience. I've been able to show... I mean all those shows, some shows with the AI and some many shows without, um, but you know. you're doing the AI maybe so you can cap the downloads, right, if a show is so big. You know, it does two million downloads an episode and nobody can afford to buy all two million. you can chunk it up into 500,000 download chunks and sell it that way. You might be doing it so you can... to target by geo or by date range. So if it's a tune in campaign for a TV show. say, hey, if it's between these three weeks, put this ad in and otherwise don't. The way we chiefly use it most of the time is back catalog, so it's if we can't get you out in the newest episode of comedy bang bang or my favorite murder maybe but you have a time sensitive ad we can run it for everybody who downloads old episodes over the next X weeks. Now, so here's. a clip from Kaitlyn Thompson explaining why you want to use DA the AI. The only thing I would tell you is don't in your ads and the reason I'd tell you that is because you're gonna have to edit them out some point. You can have any sort of ads served, Amy. serve dynamically, and I'm, you know, obviously work for a platform that does dynamic ad insertion, but having worked and been friends with the serial team who had to go back and edit out MailChimp. out mail chimp ads for hours and hours and hours, what I can tell you. is there's almost no benefit in selling your show with a baked in ad because that ad will sit with your show forever after long after you've cashed the check from the advertiser and you don't make any new money for the people two years down the road discover your show, right? DAI is interesting because this past week, welcome to Nightville ended their episode and it was episode 133. Code 133 with three different ways using DAI. And this is from HotPod, this quote, and I'll, of course, link to HotPod. link to iPad if you're not subscribed but it's a podcast newsletter and from here it says here's the deal. Are you sure? The podcast 100. The broadcast, 133rd episode, features three different endings that are delivered to listeners random. The team relied on dynamic insertion technology. the increasingly ambiguous podcast or that Podcasts up to this point have mostly been used for ads to build the experience. quote dynamic insertion is a fascinating technology to. me, that different people can download different versions of an episode quote, said Joseph Fink, co-creator of Welcome to Nightville. we spoke over the phone about the experiment a few weeks ago. Quote, it's kind of baffling that nobody's tried this before. Quote. quote the Nightville crew whose ad sales are handled by PRX and whose podcasts are handled by PRX's Dovetail platform only create They only created three endings because they were told that that was the maximum number the platform could reliably handle at this time. Isn't that interesting and they were talking to the writers over at Hotpot about that and I just thought wow so you know you got to think about what dynamic ad insertion can do for ads and then also. you know what you could creatively do with it in the future with your podcast. Listen to the Wulff Den episode because they talk about DAI and how what people can with dynamic ad insertion and who they can push it to. and what they can get down to when they're deciding what ag goes to what person.