like my art career and Latinos Who Lunch really taking off. i'm gonna have to hire somebody to like manage that um so i don't know just kind of rolling with the punches, I think, and sticking with. it. That's my advice. Leveling up. I like it. I feel like that's, um, you know, Kefir's manager, Alex started like managing. read and they're, you know, started expanding. That's when they were able to, you know, blow up more like. they didn't have to concentrate on the things she was doing. So, I mean, that could be just the next step. until everybody knows your name because i believe they will your energy the art i love it if you look at his instagram you get to see like some of the spirit of what he does and you can just the energy it's good it's good energy i'm not surprised when you're traveling other places and people are inviting you and giving you awards and things like it's well-deserved oh my gosh that was crazy yes yes And you're like, is this happening? Yes, it's happening. Oh my gosh. Yeah. The, the imposter, the imposter syndrome. was so strong last year i feel like it gets like that because you're like really really like i mean i know i work hard but really in the midst of the work, you're like somebody better. think of me doing good one day and then they're thinking you doing good and you're like really I mean it was okay. I did that. Yeah. Um, so with your art, I was going to say, what are you doing right now? is there anything anyone can see or go see in person? I know you do different things. different states uh yeah okay i have a few things right now. I have a show. I just installed a. solo exhibition at the Berman Museum which is in Collegeville, Pennsylvania for anybody that wants to a little road trip who lives in philly it's about an it's about like 45 minutes away from philadelphia so uh the The Berman Museum has my show up through December. 17th, I believe. And we're actually going to do. live Latinos who lunch there October 2nd. second um which will be really cool i'm dismissing that yeah and then I also have an installation at that very same museum. and a different wing, and that'll be up through July next year. So you could see that anytime. I have artwork. also in the uk at the Bury Art Museum and Sculpture Center. uh, a big pile of nachos. Uh, and then right now I'm about to go to New York and install work at the Sugar Hill. children's museum of art and storytelling and that's uh that's in sugar hill and like in harlem and that opens up mid-October and is going to be up for a full year. look at you so do you have anything how you said like some things up for a year, some things are up till next summer. Do you keep track of that anywhere? on a web page or anything like the ongoing things sorry to stress you if you don't Okay. Just asking. Just asking. I'm going to get there. I'm going to get there eventually. I do need to update my artist website. which is my name, justinfavela.com. And there is a news and updates tab there that will eventually be updated. people can see everything that I'm that I'm doing okay well that's there. Of course, as I said, on his Instagram, um, like you will see. different pictures of different argues done across the thing, the world. um, the world and his Instagram stories. I feel like do that also. I love them. Um, well, thank you for joining me today and talking about your podcast and. taking the time because I just feel like when we work remotely and we don't have nine to five. can just be like do i have the time you know it seems like there's time but you're kind of working so i appreciate you taking a moment to with me no thank you so much for thinking of me i'm so excited you know i am a big fan and ever since i found you because of the read and you know uh became I mean, submitted my podcast to podcastincolor.com. i was just so excited to just like be on your radar so this is such an honor to be on your show thank you so much no problem oh and you saw that thing the other day i saw you guys we posted it but this someone came up to me at an event a podcasting event in denver was like I found you through Latinos Who Lunch. And I was like, shut up. Like, you know, you know, things like that might happen, but then like somebody come up like, let me just let you know, like, this is how I found you. So I was like, it works. That is so cool. i love our listeners they're so cool they're so nice so maybe next time I'm here in Denver again, we'll have to have some type of meetup. Maybe people would come out. and we do some type of you know for people to do things i'll be in denver in october I'll see you soon. Shut up. Yes. Okay. This is working out. so you just speak into existence so we'll confirm that and we'll put something up because course we got to do something cool awesome okay well thank you and have a good rest of your day, Justin. You too, bye bye. Bye. bye thanks for listening to another episode of podcast