would be surprised with how many podcast names you can search. on Google, Twitter, and Instagram and not find the podcast. because they are using a quirky name or an abbreviation of their name or there are tons people with the same name or name close to it. Oh, you're also going to want to search an Apple podcast. I've noticed. that there's people that don't get the information that they put into where they host. their podcast, that that RSS feed that they're putting into iTunes. connect. It's just reading that information and regurgitating it to other people. So they'll have their podcast name in the information, but it won't be. the correct place so what people are supposed to search in apple podcasts or sometimes of podcasts will sometimes be their personal name or the name of their brand, but not the podcast. it's something to search an Apple podcast and think, what do people need to search to? my podcast in Apple Podcasts. And once you know that, that's something you can say. you're an Apple podcast, you're going to search podcast in color. I love being able to say. matter what, if you're on Google, if you're in a podcast app, it's all. podcasting color to find the content from me. And I also... also make sure to go in those different things and search it to make sure that I am coming up. under those things. You're not searching it and then I'm next to you, like, wait, oh wait, what do you? search to find me? Hold on, I'll just send you a link. No, how do I find you? That should be. And if you're not easy to find your podcast is not going to get bigger. So that's something thinking in your head, are you easy to find everywhere? are you easy to find and is it easy for you to tell people how to get to you so if you're thinking in terms of steps, think about how many steps you would take. If somebody told you over three steps to find. them somewhere. Are you really going home and saying, I'm going to find the 10 steps? that it takes to find that person or what I might need to do and then follow back up with that. so just something to think about Okay, next is how to listen if you have a website. so, and this is something not a lot of people have. seen it on a couple of different websites and i'll include episodes I'll include examples in the episode notes. And this is for... if you aren't bringing new people to podcast, your podcast is not going to grow. every huge podcast has people who listen who barely know what a podcast is but they listened to that show i really liked what renee had to say about growing a podcast using the receipts podcast. Seats podcast as an example, and I'll play that clip here. They gave you a show that does that on records. it's something you want to listen to you want to be part of it and you want to share it. And so you hear it, it makes you laugh, and you share it. they've found a niche in that and they've found a podcast audience that know they liked podcasts. They've got an audience that just had clouds that would just press play on something that they were like listen They were like, this looks interesting. Let me press play. Before you know it, they're listening to a podcast. They're sharing. podcast they're subscribing to a podcast they're communicating they're taking part in conversation online and that's what's kind of that's what makes a podcast successful. You can have the big brand. You can. have apple like put you on the home page and things like that but does that convert into longevity of people talking about you online and wanting to hear your content? it's about the hosts and pushing and pushing and pushing. So consistency cadence with publishing and promoting yourself. yeah and you mentioned twitter as a platform twitter twitter is a good one i'm Twitter's a good one I'm not on Facebook so I don't know how that works anymore but Instagram's a good one. Any social media, just mention the podcast, talk about it. Anywhere you can. talk about anywhere you can encourage conversation um it is super hard to grow a podcast and people are still trying to figure out how it's about finding niche audience and making sure the audience that you want to target have it in front of you. right which is one of the hardest things because half the time you want you know what audience you want but you don't know how to get it in front of them or you've just it's for black people um that you know because we're all the same aren't we you and I are the same we're both black we're the same people yeah Exactly, our interests are the same because we're black. Of course. And that was from Blackticulate, and I'll link, of course, in the episode. going from that you know that I love hashtags and the Reese's podcast, of course, does use a hashtag. They only have a Instagram account as far as having social media, but I really do. believe hashtags are easy because to me when someone adds you it can be confusing on if they're looking for a response or if they're just posting about your content. and wanting to direct others back to you so that they can listen to your content also. And here's a clip for Phoebe kind of explaining how hashtags works. for the Receipts podcast and how it's helped them grow. one thing i will say that i think has really contributed to the success of the Receipts podcast that people don't really think about is hashtags. that's what we use on to it we don't even have a twitter account right all of us have our individual twitter accounts and then we use