Since then, since this was recorded, the numbers of podcasting have gotten a little bit easier because of the IAB and the. and they're kind of rolling out guidelines and people are attempting to follow. them and being IAB compliant is a thing and so basically they're hoping that with more rules in the space and what people classify as a download and a listen different. like that it will make it easier for more advertisers to come into this space and put more ad dollars into the space and I'll link information on that because you can go way deep into that. um in the episode notes call your girlfriend was a part of the 24 podcast boom which saw an easier path for some of those podcasts for listeners during that time because of serial of cereal and other things being released in a lot of people learning about Here's another clip by call your girlfriend. talking about how much money they make. from ads and what they feel you could take from it how much do podcast sponsorships pay? I don't know, it depends. i understand there's a wide range how much does it cost to produce per episode? Well, you just heard 8 to 15 hours. eight to 15 hours of Gina's time. So obviously we're not being paid. We're not paying her. like an hourly rate that she truly deserves yeah gina you should really redo your contracts but the answer in terms of production costs is really like the production cost at this point now that we've invested in. equipment is our time, correct? Yeah. Sometimes we rent a studio. the Huma Abedin interview that we did, you know, we rented a studio for. that. We found a professional to record with Huma on site. them all on site. The campaign took a photograph for us, so we had that. um we paid for transcription i mean there's some stuff for special special episodes, I believe, shelled out a little more money just to make sure that it really pops for you guys. want to answer how much your podcast sponsorships pay? Well, I mean, I guess it just depends on the CPM. I think we even have like different CPM. every week, so don't take less than $20. or something like that. I think it depends like how big your audience is. whatever. But because I've seen kind of like on R and Voiceless, like even per week, like it flies. like it fluctuates how much money we make just depending on what ads were sold. what the relationship with the advertiser is right but like a Right. But like essentially, I mean, correct me if I'm wrong and maybe we don't want to say this on air, but like. the, like we're talking like, you know, four figures to get onto our show minimum, right? like it's not like there's like a sponsorship for a couple hundred bucks oh yeah no definitely definitely, and no one else. one-off so right one thing I wanted to talk about on Instagram a couple of weeks ago, I did a poll asking people, who have co-hosts, do you have something written up saying who owns what if money came into the picture and you know so things wouldn't go sour and the results were horrible. I want to say it was like 80%, 20% of people saying that they didn't have anything written up. like, you know, when money comes in or if an advertiser wants to come in. and pay us two thousand dollars is it a thousand dollars and a thousand dollars or is it maybe $1,300 and then $700? 700, you know, does the person that's doing editing get paid more or have more of a say in the space like there's a lot of questions I don't think people really consider and you know you could already pre-discuss that I mean, don't we all listen to Therapy for Black Girls? You can already have that settled down. so when those things come up you're not all in the moment and emotional about trying to make those business decisions we've all seen the documentaries and the singing groups and rapping groups that split up because money. I mean, even New Edition, like how old are they now? And they're still having issues with trademarks and creating new names and things. like a mess like if you haven't seen that that's something to kind of read up on because that still surprised me. I would have thought they would have figured out some of their issues by now. there was a thing with podcasts. that happened about trademarks and, you know, agree. and contracts and what needed to happen about that and And I'll talk about it a little bit. um have you heard of shout out podcast network it's based out of london they had the first black podcast festival in london in 2017 in august the friend zone attended they were of the bigger podcasts i want to say the brilliant idiots went also And also after the festival, it seemed like that's where changed. Shadow London was really networked to be on. I would say like it reminded me of the beginning of LSN with goodbye. buzz and good shows and so you know that just takes you know a spark and you know the consistency to keep going and it was becoming known as a