John Lennon jerking off together recently. Not recently, but that's the story. came out. It's like, yeah, but the White Album, I don't give a fuck. Exactly, I don't care if they jerk off. You're making music like that. Jerked each other. Yeah. They were jerking off in bed together. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, I read that story and I was like, well, it wasn't a gay thing. certain people can't make that so she's maybe they jerked off in bed and they're like we should write this song kaboom yeah and that's your favorite song so like so what you're saying is we I mean, I don't know what exactly strawberry field but I love the song. Wait, what happens when Ranger and Seal semen mix and we just like put that in something i feel like that would be that's how the dinosaurs are riding themselves the what? The jokes are writing themselves. There's so many branches I want to fuck with. know we should all jerk off together why aren't we Oh my god You will not believe what happened on the last episode of Drinking Bros. Prince Harry? No. You had to meet him? No. You haven't met him yet? No, I have not. What about, so presidential-wise, do they always... Financial-wise, do they always ask you to stump for presidents when that comes around, election season and all that stuff? uh they asked me for quite a bit of that stuff too and as far as presidents go i mean you stay out of politics? No. I'm not going to ever run I do try to get as many veterans as I can. i helped him out i'm chairman of a super PAC that helps vets get in because it doesn't matter which side of the aisle you're on a vet will get in the room with someone to try solve the problem which is not what's the case in washington like and like either side was party first, country second, which is crap. Yes. So, you know. a lot of stuff with John James up in Michigan. He's running against Debbie Stabenow. She's a... but now he's a West Point Grad Ranger Apache pilot. 400 combat missions. Now he's a business owner. That's the kind of guy we want. The Trump family. up there a couple weeks ago yeah yeah yeah so yeah uh more veterans is good as far as the political thing, I just think, because the problem solvers. Yeah. you see you see you stay out of like hey i'm i'm for so and so right um sometimes but i will i will campaign i don't know when this is going to air to the mid might be over, but I'm... Actually, right before. Oh, good. This will air right before. We'll see. how it goes. Yeah, I'm totally something for John James. I want my guy Montana. i got montana to win to beat john tester i want uh i'm at rosendale um a couple others that i'm helping out just with my veterans are all veterans and you're from Montana. I am. I'm from Butte, Montana. Yeah. Any thought of ever living back there? Yeah. I think I might have been. I was talking about that. I might eventually move back there. God's country, isn't it? It's gorgeous. Do you hunt? I do. i grew up hunting elk we should go kill stuff that'd be a blast totally got some good spots and some good hookups sure have some james yeah we're gonna have some james it was actually funny too one of my horrible jokes that I probably shouldn't tell was people ask me what's the difference between hunting al-qaeda and hunting an elk and i'm like i've never shot an elk in its sleep yeah. I... I love that joke. And the weird thing is, and I never... talk about killing people in the episode, but fuck it, let's do it. I feel some form of remorse. shooting a deer right i like avatar that bitch every time where i'm like thank you so much for providing for my family. I'm like super into it. People never... fucking once. I'm like, I just, the second one gets fucking hollow point. and their head splatters across that stupid fucking mud fuck hut i'm like next one let's go and that's all yeah yeah i actually respect animals. People in that engagement get fucked. Let's kill you. The first kill I ever saw, I didn't even get it. of my guys did it in CQB in the house. But in his... but in his first kill too so we we were this is our first time in combat and but we had a Brit with us from the SBS named Andy. And, uh, Andy, Andy had. he had a, that's a good accent, he had a death cloud. that followed him. Like every, the invasion of Iraq, in Afghanistan, everywhere he went, he got in big. fights so he's seen this shit he's been some bad stuff anyway my friend shot this the first al-qaeda guy we ran into in this house and he's kind of sitting there sort of stunned he's like Andy go check that guy. Andy calmly walks over with his white light and just goes he's fucked, mate. He's fucked, mate. He's got nine bullets in his face. No, that's his face. Fest. Do you wish you could ever go back at any point? No, I'm good. Do you ever have dreams about that at all? do i i don't need to go back um but there is no feeling better adrenaline wise than getting to a house and we're going to go in and we're going to hunt people. That's like the coolest adrenaline. This is that we're doing some shit here. serious. I'm serious. I think that's where, like, the calm before the storm comes. Oh, it is, yeah. because you have more significant experience than me. But I think I've like over... something direct action so like I participate in that a decent amount and it's always like know that that offset infill walking up to the door Yeah, yeah. And you get to the set point. And you get to the set point, or up here, whatever you want to call it. Yeah, yeah. And it's like, okay. we're going to go loud or white light or an NVGs in this thing. It's just like that heart. starts to go like this but it's such a calculated heart it is it almost like It almost slows you down. It's a drug. It's like nicotine or caffeine. It totally is. You're going to be fucking. you're gonna be fucking better like let's get this and then and then the chaos ensues