oh it is, yeah. You have more significant experience than me, but like you know I... I've like over 400 something direct action. So like, I participated in that a decent. It's always like you know that that offset and fill and Phil walking up to the door and you set point or appear where you want to call it. and it's like okay we're gonna go loud or white light or an NVGs in this thing it's just like that heart starts to go like this, but it's such a calculated heart almost slows you down. It's a drug. It's like nicotine or caffeine. it's always you're gonna be fucking better like let's get this and then and then the chaos ensues and then the aftermath you're like godly this is like a fucking move it's it's it's it's killed. Well, we work with Rangers every night and that was always some of the best nights we had was when we would, uh, we're in a house, but all of a sudden. hear the saw going off. It's like, all the ranges are fucking getting it, this is going to turn into a good night. fucking Ranger private. It's like, there's a guy with a gun. Oh my, it's like they're like, he's the killer, he's dead. He's really fucking dead. You know how cocky you are. I see metal. That's a goddamn wheelchair. Knock it off. Damn wheelchair. Not gonna help you. You know how cocky you are like when you had your older brother with you and. somebody was starting shit with you and so you would you would just mouthed off because you know you had your older brother you. That's what that's what it's like when I go out because as soon as they're like in my ear. Yeah, we got you. It's like let's stir some shit. Oh, we got a So we got a smarter brother that like maybe knows how to fight cuz they're playing engagements for like, you know, you a dude gets shot in the leg and we pull him off target. We're like, we could go get in a gun fire. that's far easier. Easier, I want to go home and get armed. We got it. We got a fight in Ramadi one time and we had these two rangers. We were in Ramadi by the way. We were there in N07. You do, by the way, is this true before you tell the story that you were on over 400? missions. Yes. Wow So we had these two Rangers that were one carried one carried the one carry the rounds not the 84, but the Carl Gustaf. And the guy carrying the goose was the 6th. was 6'8". Of course. And the guy in the round was about 5'5". And he got... Yeah, and he got to the point people don't believe there's like drainage dishes and rivers in Iraq. Yeah in Iraq. But we got to this point where this poor kid was carrying his ruck. I don't think he had carried his ruck. he just stopped jumping, he just walked through everything and just... And just fuck life my life and like 30 missions into it we got into a spot where we could a fire goose into the into the damn building. and so we give a he's given a sheet of this kid and he's blasting it give him another one, hit him again, and then we're like, okay, we're good, we can clear it, and the poor kid goes. can we just fire one more? It's like, yeah, fuck it, fire one more. So we fire one more. several more. When we got in there, it looked like a scene from like Halloween or something, just really bad inside. we got back. And as a leader, I told, we're giving the deal. I told the range with the thing. I was like, well, why don't you debrief this so you can learn how to talk to. guys and just explain what happened on target He goes alright, so we made entry in the first three guys were Carl Gustaf. I see what you did there, and that was funny. That's funny. That's hilarious. It's like a Halloween scene. I feel like that's the like the Ranger school go-to is when they fucking throw it rounds on you. The first engagement in Ranger School, you're just like, cyclic, you're like. Oh, just get. rid of it. He's like stop shooting. I get rid of the way walking 12 more. We're getting rid of the way and shit. Yeah, that's right that Jameson stuff. Yeah. Yeah yeah, give it a go. I'm not sure what that is. Give it a go. No driving obviously driving. No. We got Ubers. Yeah, we're going from... here to a sports bar to watch a baseball game. I don't know if you remember and tell me is we can cut this if not whatever cool talking about it but uh... but we've been doing this show for three years. I cursed out somebody for you. You got pulled over. Uh, no, I got woken up. Yeah. but there's a back story to this. I know nobody ever wants to talk about charges being dropped. They want to talk about arrested for deals. at first correct I have a I'm from Butte, Montana I went to high school with all four of the officers. Thank you very much. I have a I travel all the time and so my I have a system I get to the hotel pop an ambient, brush my teeth, always be in bed. with the MVN and turn the TV off. So I popped the MVN, forgot my toothbrush. I'm like, I can make it to the gas station. It's right over there. Drove there, it's closed. Drove to the next one, it's open. I walked in, I got to get, I'm on film. getting a Gatorade and not drinking and a toothbrush. I get back in my car and I'm like my dad's shitty little niece on and I'm like, okay this is it. I got to go to sleep. So I went to Ambien sleep in the front seat. No way And so they pulled me out. They were knocking on the door and I recognized these guys and I'm still ambien up. and they said well we're gonna take you up there and I you know whatever we did it and I said well give me breathalyzer, we find that they wouldn't or something that wouldn't find them. I'm like, fuck it. Just mug. They just mugged, mugged shot. Yeah. And they did. And so then it got dropped eventually, but it's like, yeah, that happened. remember that story. And my comment on the podcast was, again, years ago was I said who the fuck arrests the guy who kills a bin. I was so angry on the podcast. When we were doing it, I'd go, you don't arrest that guy. He gets a free pass all through life. So we have two high schools in Mont- in Butte. Butte, Montana. Butte Central and Butte. High and there's cops from both schools and one of my really good friends is