bros as always for 20% off. You know, that's good. every time, not just one time, but every time and they ship everywhere. the entire world. We get a lot of listeners over in Australia. and England. Yes kids, they ship to you too. Strike Force Energi- strikeforceenergy.com, get on it, drinking bros, 20% off. Premier energy drink in the biz. Next up we got ghostbed.com. forward slash drinking bros. I love that they made up our own. Who has that? No one. One ghost bed has done that for us. They've got they've got new mattresses and new mattresses in-house those cooling matches that we keep it me up about now i go man that's the fucking Yes, yes they are. So the cooling sheets. And that adjustable base, by the way, whoever built that is a goddamn genius. It's got USB port sentence flashlights all that shit cuz let's face it your wife goes to sleep early you're up in bed reading your phone for like a good hour, hour and a half before that fucking Xanax kicks in. before you go to sleep might as well be be reading something on the ghost bed they've also got the ghost payloads, which are nice. Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! Gotta- Go to ghostbed.com forward slash drinking bros and sleep so good. it's scary. They have a pay-as-you-go plan. which nobody's offering especially to this crowd you know what I'm saying? So take advantage of that before it's gone. Next up, we got bisonunion.com. New to the... New to this and true to this. Look, you know hashtag Burt from TV. You know the brand, you know the company. Earn your food, kids. the bison. This is the finest apparel that you can make for dudes right now in this world. Burt Koontz and his wife Candice packed up, bought a, bought a cabin in the woods in Wyoming. said, fuck it. We're in for the long haul. We're gonna make this the best. This is the best goddamn apparel company on the planet you wear their hats. You're already wearing their belts now they get cowboy boots over there and their t-shirts look you see us in our Instagram and Facebook wearing that shit all the time love them and now they're a sponsor and the beauty of it is you guys are the ones that ask for promo code for bison union congratulations you have it It's drinking bros. 20% off. Not a one-time use. It's all the time. you really want to load up for Christmas, go to bisonunion.com. Dude, you can buy every... on their goddamn sites with the 20% off. sent off whoo that is the savings and that shit lasts forever man a great quality man that really really fucking doing it right over bisonunion.com Again, promo code DRINKINBROS for 20% off, that's good for... That's good forever, so just keep gassing it over there. Next up. we've got grillyourassoff.com I feel like all of these sponsors are perfect for the holidays because these are gifts that you genuinely want. You need seasonings for Thanksgiving. you need seasonings for that turkey on Christmas Day you need seasonings year-round and let's face it you're gonna get them anyways you're gonna get the Lowry's at the store? Are you gonna get the Montreal Steak Seasoning? No, go buy it from a company that's... veteran owned, go to grillyourassoff.com, save in the promo. code DRINKIN BROS for 15% off while you're there. grab that beef jerky. That beef jerky is the finest I've ever had. No lie, man. I eat that shit all the time I'm bulking I'm lifting weights eating jerky all day. I love it man. That's sweet and spicy is my jam Sweet and Spicy's my jam. They got a four pack for $25. And they also got some mugs. over there some refreshing little beer mugs that me and my lady drink out of a lot. Go to grillyourassoff.com. Try Crispy's Spicy Habanero Blend, that's fucking amazing. again grill your ass up.com promo code drinking bros 15% off last but not least we've got grenade soap.com Incoming! Grenade Soap dot com How do I love thee? Let me counsel the ways. No, let me s the waste why is it called grenades up calm is it shape? Soap.com is shaped like a, like a grenade. What's the special ingredient gun powder. Yes. Yes, that's real. There's real gunpowder inside each bar of soap. dude it acts like a fucking it's just like an exfoliant like it's amazing. You rub your body with it, they got a taint scrub. that comes with it. That's no lie, by the way. Everybody keeps buying these taint scrubbers. It's ass-eaten season. Clean, clean yourself up kids. You never know when, when you're take home a one-night stand or a tinder date and she's gonna flip you over. He's going to flip you over and say, let me go around to the back door and see who's cooking. Dinah's kitchen. Go to grenadesof.com, type in the promo code. drinking bros for 20% off. They've got all the best bathing products for dudes that we actually smell like a dude and not your wife. Ladies and gentlemen, here's Rob O'Neill. Neil. We're Lonestars. We're Lonestars. We're Lonestars. Ladies and gentlemen.