Welcome back to another episode of podcast and color the podcast. I thought I was going to be on time with the last episode, which was due two weeks ago. but I left part of my audio in Denver when I went to New York and then Then I asked the guest of to send me his have and he did but I still had issues trying to put it off together and get it out. So I just decided to come on the next good on the next scheduled day and here I am I've had a bad cold past week, but I'm surviving so I might sound a little bit just letting you know if I sound different to you from usual. It's been a while since I've been here. RIP to the Buzzfeed team, you turned out some great podcasts. And of course, that's why I know of and love Jenna of Pineapple Street Media. Another round was a life-changer for me and a lot of other women and I hope all the women who came through the pods squad team, land on their feet, and on other great podcast teams. great podcasting, because they're great producers, and the things they put together are really great. If you want to support the PodSquad team, there are people still at BuzzFeed working on the podcast they have scheduled through the end of this season so podcasts like Thursday like third stage kid, you can go and support and that is supporting the teams that are still working at BuzzFeed. I was in New York for two weeks. While I was in New York, I was able to attend a few different podcast events. I was able to go to Get Grown Live. getting grown live in Philadelphia. The He-Man Woman Haters Club. that was in New York City. I was also able to attend the gifted town. the gifted sounds network celebration of their one year I was able to meet Mickey of Wandering Blurds. Who has done episodes out of Denver and on Denver and spends time here? It was a reminder that there are podcasts being created all around us. and it took me being in Brooklyn and going to an event there. to find out about a person who does podcasts that cover Denver and some of the local things we have here that deal with black people. A new podcast network was started by Ayanna, who runs the current podcast. switch pivot or quit. And I'll read this from her LinkedIn. post on starting Maisie Media. The first production- from Maisie Media is a podcast titled A Millie. Launch... Milly. Launched on September 25th, a Milly takes listeners behind the scenes with women who have 1 million plus in business. It's eight episodes of No Fluff First Person Narratives, highlighting women who collectively. have more than $60 million in annual revenue. $5 million in social followers, and have amassed more than $116,000. than $116 million in funding, which is a major accomplishment considering it was reported in 2017 that only 2% of venture capital dollars went to female founders. I'll link her LinkedIn post talking about Maisie Meee and what the network will do in the episode notes so that you can click and check out her podcast, Switch Pivoter Quit. and the first podcast on Maisie Media, a Millie. Congratulations to Dr. Joy who just celebrated. two million downloads in under two years. Her first year completing four therapy for black girls was in April of this year's so that is a feat that I haven't seen done by many especially in independent space. So congrats to Dr. Joy and the therapy for black girls. and if you haven't checked it out obviously you can see that other people are taking to it, and it is spreading fast. So a great podcast to check out or share with others that you think it can help. it could help. There are only a few white women in podcasting that like I truly really fuck with women that if they pulled that thing that that chick pulled on Twitter the other night you know, were the in words of whatever, I would be really sad and Carrie of PRX is one of those people only Only Carrie of PRX giving to talk about Google podcasts and in a nice way lately you know since they announced their foray into podcasting this summer. I'm talking about how much they aren't doing or what I don't think gonna be great about what they're doing because it didn't feel like they were really trying. Well. it was announced this week that Google Podcasts is teaming up with PRX. This is from the TechCrunch article on PRX. teaming up with Google. PRX is teaming up with Google. idea is to focus on empowering and training under a... and training underrepresented people, offering free educational tools and showcasing their. work. As a part of the program, which kicks off in January, 12 teams will receive seed funding, training, and... mentorship. Those who are interested can apply until November 18th. And of course I'll link that to