in the show notes so it's saying they're gonna have 12 teams All teams are going to receive seed funding, training, and mentorships. So it looks like they're almost doing, it feels like they're almost fast. what Spotify was kind of doing before. but not necessarily focusing just on what Just on women and they're doing it in a bigger way. I don't have more information on this maybe I'll inquire to see if somebody like to do an interview to talk about this you to talk about this a little bit more, but it sounds interesting and I do hope you all apply. So of course, as I said, I'll link that in the show notes so that you can apply and look to see more information on it. I literally only read up on this as I was writing the intro to this episode only to find out my other bad bitch, which is Jenna of Pineapple Street, the person I'm always mentioning, is doing this! and if you look on the PRX application On the bottom it says if you go to the website for this outside of the TechCrunch article And if you just want to go to that white right now, it would be Google CP. googlecp.prx.org Google C as in cat, P as in Paul, dot PRX. And if you scroll to the bottom, it says, advise it to... this advisory committee is Jenna Weiss Berman, the co-chair. and Amit Dashi is a co-chair. Who I haven't. heard of. It's Jenna Weisperman of the experiment of the co-founder of Pfeiff Napo Street Media. If you scroll all the way down... you'll see on the bottom the advisory committee. So it looks like the people. will be choosing everyone after they submit is Jenna Weiss-Berman. is Jenna Weiss Berman, she's a co-chair, and of course she's a co-founder. of Pineapple Street Media and then the other person is a Dashi who is the other co-chair and he is a... And Hay is a serial entrepreneur who has started companies in technology. and consumer internet space. He's now branded out to start IVM podcast that focuses on making podcasts. Lots of podcasts. He wants IVM podcast to be the premier destination. for spoken word content in India. So, in working with Caria PRX and Jenna at Pineapple Street, I'm mean those are the two people I would pick if I was doing something. So anywho moving on, I'll be in Boston the first weekend of November for the Sound Education- Conference, talking about building online communities. And I'm thinking about doing a meetup. Anybody in Boston, let me know. I mean. even if there's only one person, I am down to meet up, go to breakfast, or maybe go a drink or something. It's hard for me to do this. It's hard for me to take you in content about police killings movies books any of it but if you heard about the Van Dyke trial out of Chicago there is a podcast covering it called 16. shots and I will link that in the episode notes. They've been covering the entire trial. and most likely we'll cover the verdict that happened last week. The hash pods in color has been used over 60,000 times on Instagram and I want to thank you all for using the hashtag on Instagram on your posts, in your stories, really using it all over social media. has been used so many times. Facebook is used a lot. appreciate it. I appreciate you spreading the word. Instagram is a huge place for podcasts and the hashtag helps people find other will find other podcasts. And then they find, you know, the community of podcasts in color. so I appreciate you using pots in color please keep using it it really does help. Today's interview is with 5v5 of Latina. I love you five of Latinos who lunch. I have really fun talking to him. I hope you enjoy this. interview and he'll be in Colorado later this month so if I organize a meetup or anything, while he's in town, of course. I'll put that on the next podcast and across my social media so So to start with thank you for joining me today, and what do you like to go by? noticed this is one thing that I notice with people is that like if you don't have to say your name or anything a lot, like you don't, it's like people assume know and I was like I don't I don't know what's his most comfortable thing You know what, I don't even, I don't even know anymore. the status bar. I don't even know who am. Barry, help me eat. What is your name? What do people call me? Well, my legal name is just... name is Justin Favela but my my internet name is Fabifav. Okay. So, and Fabifav is like my... Bob is like my high school nickname that just kind of stuck so So, a lot of people call me Favi, that's my, that's a, you can. call me Favi or Justin. Okay, well I call you Favi in my head and I feel I'm not sure what I called you in person but in my head that's what I call you like when I see it I'm like it's probably Okay, yeah, you can call me that, that's cool. Okay. so I always want to be a comfortable people because I know I go by Barry, of course my real