a sibling rivalry with Bob the drag queen and Monet exchange so yeah those are just a few From my list Okay. Well, I like that. That's pretty obviously like I would say outside of what I would normally listen to, there's a few on that list, like Marsha's Plate. I've been tuning into, but the rest, not really. So is that more because of Rupal? is drag race or that's just your life and that's the like what attracts you those podcasts. Yeah, I'm a huge RuPaul's Drag Race fan. So that's what I used to do back in the day. like if I found a drag queen I loved I would just you know put it in the search know you can do that with like different podcast apps. you can search for somebody's name and just see all the podcasts that pop up And I would just listen to every single, that's how I found a lot of these podcasts. yeah, definitely. a RuPaul's Drag Race fan, not so much a RuPaul fan. recently? A lot behind that. but um definitely he's definitely made an impact when it's come to visibility for for this drag culture. So yeah, so I mean we're seeing where it goes. I see that like his way is gonna be just to float through this anything anybody has to say about how he feels about things. so that's something going on. Okay, so in all of those, even if it's ones that you do... of this ones that you didn't mention in the app that you were talking about, subscribe to. Do you have a pie? do you have a podcast top five oh my gosh I was dreading this part I think you know what I wrote it down because I really thought about it Let me look, let me look, let me look. Okay. top five, and this is just like you said. Latinos who lunch when I talk to you. Um, this is the top five now, right now, that I'm like... the most excited about and we already know we're the biggest fans of the Reeds. I'm not going to include the read. Okay. So I got from Dallas, Texas. I love the Colores radio. Okay. okay um the colores collective they're awesome and they talk they do like hot topics and then they'll interview somebody. And then. we have, of course, T with Queen and J. Oh my gosh. I am so happy that I went Um, I went to your meetup in Harlem earlier this year and I met Genesia and I started listening to the podcast right after literally on the subway back to Queens. and I've been listening to it ever since. I'm glad. I mean, I try to do those things and they usually end up being small and I'm like anybody could come but like it just kind of brings another layer to insideness and meeting somebody else in podcasting and them, you know, having other information. And I see. even Genesia loves you all's podcast now. So like, you know, it's just a whole connection was like, I love that because you all both talk about things that are, you know, true to you. the things you like, but it connects to each other. So I just I love that was a connection. than made in the podcast. Oh, my gosh, I'm like. I'm going to New York soon. I might I'm in Portland, Maine right now. I'm going to New York on Monday in a week and I'm I'm excited because I think we're gonna maybe do a little podcast cross or I'm going to interview them, but I'm also really nervous. it okay so i mean this is stockers but of course i listen to you podcast. So I heard that you are gonna be in New York, I'm gonna be in. York too so I think we'll be there at the same time I get there next Wednesday because I think you said you're there for a little while in your think so So I don't think we're going to be in New York together again, just letting you know. All right, let's do a meetup. OK, cool. I'm with it. So exciting. I'm excited about all of that and thank you for coming to the brunch and he's talking a brunch. I was in New York earlier and I give anybody the option to come. I usually pick a brunch place and say just you know come brunch me let's meet up and it's just usually just a few people like five or six people and we talk about everything we like everybody likes podcasts. So it's a normal thing. Nobody's like explaining what's going on. it's just a deep conversation and by the end you have a whole bunch of new. podcasts to try because we've talked about them the entire time. So just something. if I'm in town or if anybody's in town they offer to talk about podcasts go. It's fun at least to me Yeah, it was great and I you know I wasn't sure, like, uh, if, you know, a lot of times as like a white Latino, I'm like, I don't know if I belong in these spaces. I was like, fuck it, I love Barry, I'm gonna go. Oh, please, like. I was. Like I'm gonna see what happened anybody. I would have loved it could have been just with us. I'm like, I'm the kind of person if one person shows up to something I do like we are at least gonna be able to talk like I'm not gonna be talking to myself at least I have that Okay, so we did mention your podcast, which is called Latinos Who Lunch. and I was on your podcast earlier this year when you were visiting Denver. can you tell us a little bit about your podcast?