name is Danielle, but people always shorten it and I'm just like, but I have a name you can shorten, it's Berry. Just like I have a nickname, we're good. Um, but, okay. So, Favi, wha- And Favi, what is your social media where people are from people find you? Well, they can find me on all social media platforms at Favi Fab, that's F-A-V-Y-F-A-V. And I was really a big flavor, flavor fan back in the day. so that's where that came from. Still coming through, still coming through. Yeah. well, I have to say I do love your social media. I think, I mean, at least to me. it seems like your Instagram is biggest or less where I see like the most engagement that like every one of your pictures that pops up it's like hundreds of likes and people are like love it give us more. I know it's all a lie, and I'm just saying. The curated like. of Instagram oh my god isn't that the truth it's something um so oh do you have your phone out that's what i forgot to ask you before start it. Absolutely. Okay so if you can open your phone tell me what podcast app or apps do you use. Well, I mostly use Stitcher. And I'm an early adapter of stitcher, so I don't like chains. so I keep using stitcher. But now I- found that the the purple app as you call it the podcast app is improved a little bit because doesn't download the podcast right to my phone like it used to which was annoying oh yeah I don't download I was telling people that was like the hardest thing a while when the custom thing was it auto downloaded anything you subscribe. to yeah so I've been using the purple app for a few podcasts that aren't on stitcher and then I use Spotify also. Mm, I love it, somebody, like, everybody gets on the- and they just do one podcast app. So I feel like you're one of few people that had a couple different ones that they use regularly like oh no Oh no, because sometimes like the reed doesn't post on stitcher right away but it's on SoundCloud or that you know what I mean. We're all like that. I feel like it might the reed keeping us on SoundCloud a little bit like I swear there's so many people that are like, you know, it's just like that first 20 minutes. It's only on Soundcloud. So I have. to keep Soundcloud around. Yeah, it depends on my day. Like, if I need it... you know I go right you sound if you know what's up and you have the time you needed to be there right then. I understand. So, okay, what stitcher do you do? stitcher premium at all or are you just on the free side of stitcher? No I'm on the free side. I don't I'm not paying for that. No way They already put ads in between podcasts. Why would I? pay for it? Like I don't know. I think yeah Yeah, they're trying to do, like, original programming and stuff, but... Yeah, it's... been a while. I'm gonna have a late episode coming Which would be the episode that actually be before this where I kind of input some stuff from when of their stitcher podcasts talking about their premium. But yeah, I've had a like, my thing is, I've seen them developing like they have a couple of black podcasts coming out. So there's one coming out tomorrow and then one in October on the premium side and they've done some before but it's just like a couple. it's like if I have hundreds of podcasts out that are free, what makes me? want to go sign up for just like three or four podcasts behind a paywall? I don't know It's kind of hard, but yeah, it is what it is. I always try to see if other people do premium or if I'm just the hater that's like why would I pay more? I think we're just both haters. We could be we could be okay, so we know what podcast apps you use a few couple different apps. Can you give me some of the podcasts that you're subscribed to across the apps? Oh. my gosh, okay, well let me just open it up and see you know what I don't like about stitcher right now. They totally changed it so I had a custom order before and now it's doing it like by episodes, like by the newest episodes. and or I can go buy shows and that is the custom order but anyway let's see so I have right now on my on the top of my shows on stitcher Unravel, a fashion podcast. Um, let's see, Dr. Death is a new podcast by Wondery about... about this white man that's just killing people and nobody's checking him because white people get away with everything Let's see insecurity yeah whimsical volatile. It's a podcast with Katya, the drag, and he any, pretty much any podcast with drag queens, I'm listening to it. so that's the following couple. Unbearable with Big Dipper and Meatball. race chasers with Alaska Thunderfuck and Willem. Podcasts in Color, the podcast. Thank you. Marsha's plate.