people wondering alone, how am I going to actually stream video? of a mock transport. You're not alone. We held a brainstorming meeting. Boulder in the United States of people who are interested in MSF and CMSF to raise a lot of issues which bring back to IETF. It was very successful so there are a lot of people some are in the room today but I just encourage you to join this community of people who are interested in MSF and CMSF. because the more input we get, the better it is. And as a consequence of this meeting, had a flurry of uh prs and i want to particularly call out Suhas, who's contributed a lot to MSF in the last two. Thank you, Suhas. So let's go through some of the major changes. first one is our rename is complete. So you may have heard of this. streaming format referred to as Warp. That has now been changed. have been changed to MSF, which formally stands for MOQT Streaming. moqt streaming format it's it is what the name on the can is what inside, but we mostly just call us MSF and then what used to be called CARP, which is the CMAF compliant. moqt streaming format is now called cmsf and i'll only refer to them their acronyms going forward. And remember that CMS basically everything that's inside MSF with the addition. CMath support. One of the things we merged was a take on the URL. format. We're still debating this, but at the at the. boulder interim we decided to go with a fragment-based scheme which i'm describing here and this is being done in in parallel these are not my latest slides, unfortunately, because anyway, it doesn't matter. The MOQT Allen Alan presented yesterday. This is probably going to be our schema and. the portion in blue. the url is transferred over to the server the fragment is intended for the client and it communicates the namespace and the name that it's going to connect and in our case we mostly want to connect to a catalog so we can describe the catalog there and we also within MSF, define a key value schema for the fragment. so that we can pass additional key value pairs. or parameters, fragment parameters to the client. and some of these are predefined the table in the bottom right shows some of the parameters that we've defined so that you can identify a sub clip. by a sub clip in your content. Just yesterday or the day before Alan proposed. that the fragment has a prefix that identifies this. streaming format. So the fragment would be hash. I quite like this idea. i'll support it and hopefully we can move forward with that we have a pretty universal descriptor the script to then you can look at any URL and you can know what streaming format it represents We also added support for variable substitution. This is pretty important. And we want our catalogues to be cashable in a relay. If we have a million people. watching a stream we want to be give give them all the same catalog, but at the same time, we want to give them custom advertising. So how would we do that? And one of the ways we do that is we can put... input key value parameters in our fragment. So the the UI. So the URL that is vended by the content management system will generate. unique IDs for every user, and these can then be easily substituted. the catalogue so you simply we use percent character as the designator of our variable substitution and we replace them in just prior to passing the catalogue and this i think gives us a flexibility support customization but at the same time allowing us to cash the catalogues in our edge relays. We're also supporting an encryption scheme. this is mock secure objects I referenced there it's a draw uh it's a draft and this is not drm right this is end-to-end encryption mock objects. So if you don't want your distribution provider being able to view or read your content, you want to encrypt it. and it's very simply in the catalogue on the right hand side in yellow we see some keys that have been added to each of the track descriptors in order to communicate secure objects and the information that's necessary. for the client to decrypt them. We've also defined a template for the media. timeline track so as a reminder the media timeline is a description of the history in a live stream. So if you only want to play the live edge of a live stream you don't care about the media timeline tracking you. timeline track and you never subscribe to it. But if you're a client, say it's a sports game and you to scrub back into the past you need to understand which groups and IDs or media time to go to.