minimally, but not rely on on on being preserved. Receivers should allow in non-millimitant non minimal coding and should preserve it if they can Okay, so the binary choice I'm going to present here is should we change the current minimal? Martin, there was... Martin, somebody else was in queue here. Okay. So briefly, Mo. Mo, sometimes pastel was wrong. This is one of those times. The third way is that you can have the that if you have a canonical way to express things for comparison and for signing that you can use one of those ways. Thanks. space. Thanks. Okay. This text editor is killing me. My advice is that we have a lot of history with canonical encodings, and that history is not good. All right, I'm going to start this so we don't. Preserve the encoding is the best practice. All right. this. All right, if you've not already joined the meeting with MeetEcho with LightClient, now would be a great time to do it. So this is... a question on whether we should change the should to a must. Sorry for the typos, but this text editor was killing me. The choice one is the status quo in the draft, which is that when... is that one should use minimum coatings. The requirement, the alternative here is to change. Change it to a must. That would be a yes vote. All right, things are starting to stabilize. Does anyone need more time? Okay, I'm going to call it good at four. for people in favor of making it a must 22 against can anyone not live with being a should and if so would you like to approach the mic and say so? Martin? This is not I cannot live with, but why do you even have a should? People are going to do the small thing because it's... Don't confuse the question, Martin. We copied it from Qlik, dude. If you don't like a should, you can file an issue against it. that Alan loves when people follow new issues. Okay. Do you have that, Emily? Do you have the sibling you need, Alan? I do accept the seven bites, but I think what I'm... going to do is I'm going to start a thread on the list and I'll ask the chairs to well. we have two minutes do we want to have there's no way it's resolving in two minutes can do a show of hands in two minutes. OK, you want to do another show of hands? Sure. Please stop the timer so we can read the... Oh, actually. Oh, I actually typed that correctly for once. Okay, so this question is actually... is asking whether we should currently in the draft seven bite variants are this a lot yes clarification uh is there any side effect of this that it pushes a 64 out to 10 bytes or anything no seven byte code point is currently disallowed for extension but it doesn't ability purposes doesn't impact any of the other encodings extend anything Must, with two Ts. Okay, does anyone need more time? People are okay. There we go Okay, I'm going to close. it in 10 seconds unless someone hollers very quickly. Just turn on your mic and say so if you if you need more time. Okay, I'm going to close it. 15 people in favor. yes, five, and no. We have one minute remaining. would anyone, anyone cannot live with any outcome here. Okay, no one's speaking up.