I'm Jiang Minghui from the Xquake, Dave. Quick Dave group, today I will share our MOQ production. experience at Alibaba Group and introduce our some new ideas. Okay, next slide. We have employed... who employed MOQ in some production scenarios. top-of-voice search, cloud rendering game. Taobao Live Digital Human and Alipa. AI assistance. We are also integrating MOQ into moq into a app and clean app and some news scenarios, next slide. Okay. Why we choose... MOQ instead of WebSocket or WebRTC? In short, QIC have a nice nicer performance. Quick give us a head of line blocking, zero RTT. long ball CC, and MOQ as flexible. that's a flexible medium level abstraction on the top. Okay. next slide. Yeah, in the scenarios of top-of-voice... top of voice search MOQ versus WebR, WebSorCit. connection latency reduced by 75% 65% on the Android and 64% reduced the on iOS. Next slide. uh in uh other uh scenarios uh cloud rendering the rendering digital human MOQ versus WebRTC. The first frame P19 latency cut by over 50 percent. Next slide. Yeah, and the in And in Alipay AI assistance, over 50% reduced. tend to reduce reduction in both connection latency and average interaction delay compiled to the traditional WebRTC pipeline. Next slide. Yeah. After tuning Xquake with GCC, MOQ, and WebRTC show almost the same latency, about 107 and... verses 104 millisecond. CC and at the transport layer. works well, but the CC alone is not. enough for us, the sender still needs feedback from the application layer to adapt a media adapt media quality. This is the motivation for our new draft. Next slide. Yeah, now our MOQ Our MLQ implementation is open source. Let's click on GitHub. We have participants in the chat, and we'll see We have participated in the MOQ inter-rope rope runner with draft 14 and draft five is step, step, step. uh, stably, uh, stably, uh, running in the... rear production, and the draft 16 is also working in progress. Next slide. Okay, this slide shows the Right shows the gap, on the left, transport layer feedback. only says the packet and on the right side we want to know more information like deliveries. status, arrival timing, and buffer level. this is the information. from the application layer. This is... what we are currently missing in the MOQ. Next slide. Okay, why does the feedback from application layer improve performance if there is no feedback, the sender keeps sending as the max bitrate when the network gate walls. it needs a serious stalling with feedback. the receiver tells the sender what is happening in the network, and the sender reduced the bit rate to match the network condition. stalling goes away. Okay, next slide. Okay, next night. We have to do some experiments to validate.