the track filter is a comparison across other tracks so the track filter can only be done at the edge relay or it's directly connected publishers. All the original publishers that directly connect to one edge relay. that relay will run the track filter across all of them they can't run it themselves because they only have one track. They're always going to be the top one. Oh, let me try to understand. So there may be multiple original publisher. and there is one relay and they pass all the filter to the original publishers and then they return. how next happened. The conceptual model is you're doing this over namespace, right? So let's say you have 100 publishers in this namespace. space and they're all publishing let's say they're all publishing to the same edge relay they happen to all be co-located on one edge relay that means that edge relay has a Edge Relay has 100 connections to these publishers directly, it will run the track. filter. It will not propagate the track filter to those original publishers. because they're only one if you said if all the subscribers wanted to filter those 100 publishers. those hundred publishers said, I want the top one, then that edge relay in front of all those hundred publishers would say, I'm going to look at all. these publications and i'm going to pick the one that has the highest metric let's say the metric audio level who's speaking the loudest so it'll look at all of those 100 publishers, and it will pick the one that has the highest. metric it can't propagate that filter to the publisher because publisher doesn't see everybody else yes yes that's true so So what control message should be like? it's in subscribe namespace The track filter, when you subscribe to the namespace to say you're interested in this entire all tracks in this entire namespace you can add the track filter parameter and in that parameter you specify oh let me just go on one slide and it'll there it is so the track filter parameter is in subscribe namespace or update. to it and you specify the property that you want to watch audio level humidity temperature whatever you specify the property that you want to watch and how many tracks you want to get back. you wanna get back. So the top N, I want, you know, N equals two or three or whatever. there's also a timeout parameter to say, if one of the publishers has not delivered objects within this amount of time, don't consider it in the top end. anymore so those are all the parameters that the track filter has okay sorry all right i think we need to move on uh let's go back to president let's go back to the presentation thank you thank you so much you can save your questions for the end So we've removed the MaxTracks deselected out. of this parameter because we now allow... as we now allow relays to purge the old state using published done anytime they want so before there was a rigid algorithm a table-dimensioned mentioned max tracks deselected deep that the relays and the subscribers had to each maintain. Now, the relay is just free to publish done anytime it wants to purge how much ever state it wants. That's a balancing act between you purge too much state, then you have to republish. again, but now it's under relay control and it's simple. the filter. We also added a new error. if relays want to protect themselves by saying you know what this filter too complex I can't upstream this and I don't want to process much complexity. They can return an error, conflicting filters. the subscribe namespace, or when they close the um close it out so that they basically just say this this is too complex of a filter. We added some some diagrams to show the. state transitions of this track selection filter you start off unknown where the name and alias of the track is not known at all to the subscriber so you can't forward it any of the tracks data when the track delivers an object that gets it into the top 10. the top end, then it's considered newly selected and it follows that. publish path with a forward equals one flag when it gets promoted then it goes to the selected state it's selected in the top end tracks and it's passing the filter at that point so all of its objects are flowing if later it gets evicted or demoted. by another track that drops out of the top end. top in and it goes deselected it could also drop out because of a timeout it didn't deliver for too long of a time and so it'll get demoted and drop out it'll go to the deselected list and the objects there fail the filters so they're not forwarded anymore. When we go to deselected, the red key changes we made.