we're going to be actually it's 9 a.m. now Well, Ted, I think that you're asking. that uh you're asking which is xi yang yang and which is le rong grong um i don't know maybe somebody in the room knows but But those of you who aren't familiar, MAC has tradition during its meetings of having a sports mascot. I had a lot of trouble on least google images finding pictures of friends and sports mascots but this is from the national games that were here a few years ago. it's 9 a.m welcome to media over quick my name is martin duke i'm one of the chairs magnus had an urgent matter in stockholm he had attended so i believe to tend to so i believe he's on an airplane right now so i will be flying solo today This meeting is being recorded. always. This is the ITF note well, you've probably seen it. this week already several times, but it covers the intellectual property. implications of you being here, as well as outlining the code of conduct. expectations for for participants please take a look at it if you have not done so already is today's agenda. We hearing complaints about. audio. Yeah, I was that was very bad. Sorry about not being able to hear me a moment I just talked about the note well and did the other. introductory stuff. This is today's agenda. We loaded all. the security issues into Tuesday's session because... CFRG is right now and we didn't think we'd get much security participation. today here's what we're going to go through mostly we're going to cover for some of the other that are out there in the working group and then we're going to give about it. to the editors to work on mock t issues but they would like to Would anyone like to bash this agenda? OK, seeing no. one, I'm gonna hand it over to Mike English who will talk about the Hackathon. Apologies on the moment. lights automatically turned off because. I'm 12 hours off. Okay. I'm back. Um, yeah, so Mike English club there. hackathon report this time will be brief um Um, there was some, um, hackathon activity, uh, things are. mainly focused right now on kind of getting things. into the automated interop test runner. um and so we're still kind of working through some issues with um making sure that we're the Docker images can build and Um, you know, the right versions are assigned to the right implementations and things. like that. Let me very briefly see if I can share. my screen. I don't know where I'm able to select what. share. Uh-oh. Oh, that's the problem. okay. I just now understood the interface. Magnus always did that. Go ahead. Gotcha. Okay. One moment. let me share this Chrome tab. Okay, so this is a current view of the... the interop test runner. So English m.gif. m.github.io slash mock dash interop dash runner and we'll bring you to the top level. page where you can see a variety of test runs. And then within those, you can see different relay implementations matched up with different client implementations. and the results of those pairings. It's designed to be aware of what versions each implement. supports, and you can see these little superscripts indicating the expect. version that would have been negotiated. Um, so you can see we have kind of mixed results here right now. Um, some. Some of this is not actual failures of... the mock T protocol so much as, you know, as um you know test runner uh issues that we're still kind of working out the kinks for Each of these will bring you, you know, if you go to one of these results. um you can see uh detailed log Can you zoom in a little more? That's completely illegible. Uh-oh. How far do I need to zoom in? That's a little better. Not great, but better. Yeah. so this is what the test results look like.