something okay all right i'm gonna try to fix your mic oh keep going okay going once, going twice, we're going to do this. Okay, this one. will take longer. Invalid variants and non-minimal encodings. So Victor noted that the new mockt variant parser now has a tri-state return which is that you try to parse you get some bytes you try to parse it as a bar end so can succeed that's good um there is a purely invalid which is we have decided that there are you can have your variant be from zero to nine bytes, but cannot be seven bytes um and uh Some felt like that that was an extension point that we would be able to use in the future. if we made non-minimum If we required minimal encodings, then a non-minimal encoding would be an invalid case where like this is just a hard fail and then there's a third case, which is you don't have enough data from, uh, from to Parsons, so you need to go back. So, compared to the... Qwik variant parser, which really only had, there were no invalid variants in Qwik. Either it succeeds or you need more data. There's some, like, I think there's some desire that we can just go that way and say, like every, every encoding is valid. and there's no way to fail, you can only need more data. And so that is sort of what Ian and I would like to move to. Does anybody? OK, there's a queue. call in Sioux House. Hold on, someone. just stay there. I'll just I'm just going to come hook up here. OK, so I. So I think I'm pretty strongly opposed to this. It's not a very compelling use case. Our parser. has thousands of ways where you instantly, there's an error and when an error with the data and it's a session error and you tear down the whole session that's what should happen if you encounter this value is it's totally a protocol error and should just be be torn down. don't view this as hard or difficult to parse in any way. it anyway. And I know that people are wanting to eliminate an possibility of extensibility has been a goal of many people along this way here. but i don't think we should do that i think that that you know 640 can 640 K will be enough for anyone turned out not to be true. You always need enough an extent need an extensibility point, and we should keep this accessibility point, keep that code point. that allows us the option of allowing extensibility of some form later. That's, that's, that's my argument for keeping it. But I serve at. But I certainly don't see a very strong argument for needing to not. produce an error if you run into it that's so easy to do i don't get the problem Okay, there's more of a queue. mean, do you have any response to that? It's not easy to do or there is a problem. mean like it like I think there's different software designs and if you're living in a world where you love exceptions, then you just like can throw an exception and catch it somewhere else. and then it's then it's not a problem but i would say at least like at least how easy or hard it is to take something that has no particular failure mode and then turn it into one that does can like just I agree that's maybe not the most compelling case, however, I don't actually believe that variants are extensible in the way that you think they are. that's fine i would love for you to like write down of like how you plan to make something extensible out of it. point, because I don't think there's any that actually work because we have many and say that we don't want the protocol is extensible in many ways including starting by we now have a new version of martini i don't want to repeat this argument we've had this many times been many times, right? We came to this conclusion, and now that decision is being undermined. mind and our parsers every single other place have errors that can happen and invalidated things that cause a protocol error, right? This is just the. same as all the evidence. So I'll say the issue's been like, like the pr merged in draft 17 there's an issue open that, you know, there's not been a consensus. so like this is the time to speak up and say that what's in the draft not, you know, needs addressing. Mo. I don't have a question. I don't have heartburn over, excluding seven bites, but I do have heartburn over. to exclude non-minimal encodings leave it as a should but i think there's many cases where applications need the flexibility to. support aliased non-minimal encodings? Sorry, I think that there were too many negatives in your sentence, you're saying you would prefer to allow non-middle-knowing. Yes, yes. I want aliasing. or they might not be aliases, they may actually mean different things. Okay, I don't know that I love that design, but your point is not. Your point is I agree. It's ugly, but most apps are ugly Okay Victor. I mean- so when we originally discussed the 7-byte variant, I agree that we can ban it if