Oh, yeah. Which is funny, right? And I think that's when people say thank you for your service. I think. that's really it's a blanket statement, but that's that thought that you just put through. head like yeah i'm gonna fucking die because i think a lot of us have been in that position like oh yeah of course we're gonna to die. Here's where it comes. You've walked in the buildings and they've wired cell phones to fucking, you know. initiate an IED and just dump a whole platoon. Like, it's standard practice. We're walking down a... choke point and it's like they're gonna put it there and we're all shit all shit can but so did you were you like walking up there going i know this is gonna to be an engagement with that individual. Or was it like, did Santa come? like because that's no no it was it was santa it was we're gonna blow up and it's almost a question of how fast do I go to avoid it? Do I get right on top of it and beat it? what do we because the guy in front of me is brave and he took the dump on the uh It turned out to be women that he thought weren't vests. He just kind of tackled them. So he's taken it too. I just turned. So he thought they were going to initiate it. Yeah, so he jumped first. Well, no, the son. He killed the son on the way up the stairs. Killed Khalid Bin Laden on the stairs. And then we went up. was like eight guys back, but I got to watch that go down. That was one of the coolest things I've ever seen. How we just... whispered to Khalid and he came out. Yeah, and the kid peeked his head out, right? Yeah, he just... I mean, that was just a very, very smart operator knowing if I stay calm. don't freak him out. Maybe I can confuse him. Maybe he'll come look at me. And he did. Yeah. and he said come here in two different languages he knew khalid spoke and he rolled down the stairs He just died right there. He was like behind a banister on like a big stair that's in there. want a big stare that's in the middle of it that's what someone calls big dick energy yeah shit right there oh yeah oh yeah what's up boom oh he did that was that was that was epic and then so i was still eight guys back in the train and we went up the stairs and they all split clear the rooms on the left and right. And then it left me in the appointment. And and then we're kind of just standing there and he said something goofy like uh these bitches getting truculent or something it was something weird where i said i don't think that word means what you think it like our last joke yeah it gets a squeeze we're gonna When he gets a squeeze, we're going to go up and blow up now. And that's kind of how it went down. It was never – it wasn't going to be – for him and he and I. It's just that's how it came down. did he communicate anything before the initial shots went off or it was just like oh he was he was He wanted to go up the stairs because he thought we could beat him. He's like, they're putting on vests. We weren't really talking, but he really wanted to go. and i i wanted two more guys i wanted four more guys i'll take two but he just was saying he said come on come on he knew it was one of his guys not me just it's one of my guys on my shoulder two men so we got to go so when you go up there, you write violence of action, right? Sometimes you got to beat the fucking... That's it, yeah. The worst story in my whole entire life is because we waited too long and we let them prep. That's exactly it. rep that's exactly ask how shitty shitty shitty fucking day yeah um sometimes you got to get in Of course. So when you roll up in there, was there any reaction from like Bin Laden? or was it just like a fucking deer in headlights like uh it was it was closer to deer in a headlights, but he was moving toward me with his wife in front of him, and he was sick. and she was not. And it's an easy shot for me. He was three or four feet away. just i remember seeing him i can i can see it right now if i want to and you know wearing the white skirt and uh or not skirt the white clothes Yeah, it was it was dark. Yeah, and It was dark, yeah. And then I could just, I could recognize his nose. That's his nose. I was surprised at how short his beard was, but it was gray. He was wearing his white hat. skinny, old, but he's moving. towards me he's not surrendering if you know a guy that high profile has about a second convince me not to kill him oh and he didn't do it and i blasted him and then it's one of those feelings I'm sure you can I hope you can agree Matt that like when you're in a situation and someone's not a threat you can kind of just feel it right so his wife was not she's not wearing a vest i could just tell right so i moved her and he's dying at the foot of his bed i could hear him take last breath and that's when other seals started coming in the room and his two son was there and i picked him up because as a father i'm thinking this poor kid has nothing to do with this. And he just watched his dad get blasted in front of him. So I put him down. And that's when. seals are in there and uh that's when it sort of hit me and one of my guys up and he just being a typical operator funny like hey man are you good And I said, no. What do we do now? He said, now we find the computer. do this every night. And I'm like, you're right. Holy shit. Yeah. Time to go. And he goes, so you just killed bin Laden. now let's get back to work god damn man that's crazy On that ride back, did it ever set into you? because i'm i'm i'm sure being in the military this is your dream kill doesn't get any bigger well it was but it was it was going to be delta it was never going to be me certainly or it's going to be senior guy my command but it's not me and then and again it's not me it's the entire team did it. Everything from the analysts to the pilots to the air crew. But I... But I took the shots. So on the way back, what a small world it is. is I'm actually laying on top of the sniper who initiated the fire for. captain phillips i'm actually laying on him as could be crowded in because we had other guys from SEAL team on there. They came in on the squadron to get us. And I mentioned that he had been taking a lot of shit for what he did for Captain Phillips. and every time he did i would go to go to him with a can of copenhagen and say take a dip from me. You're a hero. Don't listen to the negativity. Don't listen to the