not but yeah so long term which what's your hopes and dreams now at this point well I mean we're good like I said I want to um the foundation of your grateful nation. I'd love to continue speaking. I have a feeling you're gonna be doing that for a very long time. It's cool, but the speaking thing is. not as I don't get up and tell the Bin Laden story. You know, I'll get up and talk about high performance. why we were good and how it applies and like in the military like way that I say to a lot of these corporate sponsors and stuff. uh, sponsors and stuff to whom I speak, I'll say, you know, be good to each other, keep morale high. But like when we were working on. it was hey nobody wants to work for a dick knock it off so just make people want to be here and morale is high, get along with each other, love each other. Little stuff like. if there's a problem, we'll solve it in the team room. man to man. Don't get physical with each other. Just air it out. Don't bring it out there and leave it at that. Keep morale high. Planning, you know. this much planning this much preparation emotionless decisions and never quit you know just keep moving forward like people want to hear the bin laden story but love hearing training stories. They love hearing buds. Yeah, of course. They love that shit. They love, as opposed to shooting a bunch of guys like we're obviously having fun doing, they want to do it. and fun doing, they want to hear about the guy that's tied up and thrown in the pool and what makes you want to be there. stuff like that so i just talk about shit like that and then um i want to keep doing that I can, which is why I would never really want to be a seal. Cause like I, I, I, I, I don't mind the water, but I don't like the water, so I'd rather just run it. door with a machine gun. That works for me, man. Now, we've been actively trying to convince Tyler Gray, one of the actors on the season to author a book as the first... fake SEAL to play a SEAL on TV to have a book. Do you think this is a good idea? an excellent idea. I think it would be hilarious. I want to write the foreword. I know. we need to talk him into this how a former army ranger and small mission units operator played a Navy SEAL. the book. Played in Navy SEAL. on TV. Played a Navy SEAL. The book. The book. And then imagine the movie about the book about the TV show. Yeah, this is a book about a book that a guy playing that was an operator. At the job for St. James Street, James, right there. No matter what it was, they all smelled amazing. He's on the forward If we could get time to do it, he'll write the foreword. Before every mission he's spraying on Navy Steelers. Very, very reasonable price. Should it be called $74,000? and $9,900. That's funny. Wet seal. Stolen velour. Stolen velour. Stolen velour, the wet seal. The wet seal story. The wet seal story. The book. The book. slash the movie. Well, listen. Rob, this is honestly, man, you made our entire. year uh being on the show you were the most requested guest ever Very cool. Very cool. He, that's his words. You'll make my year. If we just go tell some more stories over a good. oh you know you know we're doing that okay yeah yeah yeah look it's civilians like me who are just – this is the happiest I've ever been in my goddamn life besides my kids being born. This is a wrap. is awesome for me and I'm super grateful that you came out. We usually this thing at this point in the show called the drinking bro of the week. However, your name has been requested so many times it's like the drinking bro of the century. year everything so it's you rob o'neill and uh seriously And seriously, thank you for being here. Thank you for what you did. Thanks for the interview. You're a humble. awesome guy on and off camera so and then where can people check out organization? Yourgratefulnation.org. is the foundation, but everything is underneath robertjoneal.com. neil.com okay so o-n-e-i-l-l that uh that last name with the two l's and Shaquille have really screwed that up for me. Yeah. But it's, yeah, robertjoneal.com, and then it goes. for everything from from your grateful nation to my speaking engagements to testimonials to like the apparel stuff that we do we're going to start selling this on we got to start selling this on you have to you have we got to get this margins are great the margins are great i mean i'm kind of thinking i'm thinking maybe my nomination for 2018 brosman over here. Oh, maybe Maybe. Maybe. Yeah. I think we've got a serious contender. Yeah. I think for Brosman of the Year behind you is a lovely trophy. We give it out. to the drinking bro of the year, the Brosman trophies. The Heisman Trophy is sitting over there. It's resting over there. It's like a Heisman. It's like a Heisman McCuller. Let me bring it on up here, Jared. It's heavy. It's got some weight to it. It's got some... right. That's awesome. It has breadth. The first Brosman winner, which was... Jimmy Long, who streaked the Army-Navy game carrying a drink. Bros flag. Oh, yes. Well-deserved, sir. Spent the night in jail. We bailed him out. Spent a few nights in jail. That'll do it. So, yeah, we, your name. could be engraved on that by the end of the year. I hope so. And also, if you see Rob out in a bar, make sure he's not. buying his drinks I am quick with the credit card I love buying the rounds. Really? Oh, yeah. I love doing this. We're going out to dinner tonight. Let's do it.