i'm like thank you wow just making a joke no i mean it all went away Yeah, yeah, of course. It wasn't a big deal. I was still surprised. Boy, the headline. The headline. Headlines, that's shit They wouldn't give you a breathalyzer, that's fucking horseshit They wouldn't give me a ride Look what Ambien did to Roseanne's career, dude. Put it in the dumpster went on rogan and talked all about oh she did oh yeah oh yeah yeah yeah She talked about the ambient and she's just a late night tweeter. I actually kind of like the girl. She's very self-aware. oh and on that note too i'm i'm i'm the first one to tell you when i drink you I like even when I get asked about the uh the kneels are in the end i said look let me get something straight from butte montana white kid a lot of these athletes have experiences I don't have growing up and every time I've been in handcuffs I fucking deserved it yeah so i'm just saying i'm not saying i don't drink i'm just saying I don't drink it. I'm just saying that wasn't one of the cases here. Exactly. Managed to make the Daily Mail and some news in New Zealand. some shit. Exactly. I was just surprised that they just didn't wake you up. say, hey, Rob, we know who you are. We're good. We're going to get you back. I've done a lot of. free training for a lot of SWAT teams, especially up in Montana, and I assure you they're... have been moments they could have arrested me and didn't. Yeah. So we're still good. love them all. We're even on the board. Yeah. we were at a bar the other night. Jesus. We're not going to say which one it is. that's Matt's local place I heard it's called Area 51 yeah oh boy you know that's actually the gay bar. I love that callback. It's called a callback in the biz ride. What's your passion in life right now? So I know you got the nonprofit. all that but like where do you not to be a high school um professor or teacher but in 10 years like where like where do you see yourself going from here what do you want my passion the foundation and the best the best email I get every hopefully twice three times a week, because it's an individualized program, is when staff sergeant... so-and-so got a job at merrill lynch and his and like his wife hits hits His wife hits me up with, like, we couldn't have gotten the second career without your Grateful Nation. Thank you. that's my passion and hopefully we've expanded in 10 years to a point where it's not just operations it's not just rangers and seals and green braids it's everybody you know from everything like uh that and then um i just got married uh little over a year ago. Congratulations. It's been a second marriage. I got married in August. Oh, I'm July. Yeah. When did you meet her? I met her at a speaking gig. She's funny. egg she's so whoa you had a single staunch i did I did. Oh, my God. How legendary was that? Well, I am married. now, so we can talk about this later. Um, was it over or under 500? She was funny. She was funny. I met her at a speaking engagement and it was the story was because the story wasn't really out yet. So I just met her there, and it was so funny. So she was. hosting, her company was hosting my speech, so she's hosting it herself. and um there was a girl with me and after my speech i went the Beats Bar. I had this other girl with me. And my soon-to-be, well, my wife in three years was. too and she was being respectful to the girl that was following me around she goes well how long you and rob been she's like oh we're not i'm just i'm following him and she's like well where'd you meet? And she goes, Twitter. And I hear my wife go, oh, stand the fuck by, bitch. You're out of here. That's a boss-ass shit. That is a boss-ass move. What's it like when you go to dinner parties with people you don't know in your inner dude? know when you're introduced. You kind of trump everybody in the room. It kind of sucks because generally when we go to... dinner, I have to eat dinner before dinner because I'm not going to get it. because I'm not gonna get a chance. Because it's all, hey, I don't mean to bother you, but. and hey real quick and yeah one more I bet it's awesome though I'd rather people be nice than not be nice. You know, I ran into a Navy SEAL two nights ago. seal two nights ago in miami at a thing and he was kind of drinking kind of yelling at me about you know i kind of yelling at me about it's like you know i i love you we work together but i hate you but i love you but i hate you i'm like when you're getting out of the navy he's like, I retire at 30 in one week. I'm like, what are you going to do now? he goes, I don't know. I'm like, just shut up and give me a call. We'll figure this out together. it's like why would he hate you why would he hate you well it's because it's the cool thing to do no it's one Well, it's, no, it's one of those, uh, when people ask about seals and how they think of me, I'm like, let me. Navy SEALs to you. If we took 10 random SEALs, filled their... driveways full of a dump truck each full of money five of them would bitch at you because you blocked their driveway So it's like, you're not going to keep them all happy. I think I know what he's talking about. With you, it's- the same thing too when we go out there's a lot of people who are just like oh hey what's up matt i don't watch your videos or anything yeah that's the I've never seen your movie or anything. I don't know what's your... and you're like they're tipsy in by the end of the night and they're like can we get a selfie yeah because you're doing something, and same with you, Rob. You've done something that they wanted to do in their life. where it's just like after a few drinks then it really comes out of like like, oh shit, you did what I wanted to do. Well, ego promotes insecurity, right? That's exactly right. And if you're not comfortable with yourself, you can't be comfortable with others. But I mean, if we all work together, we can... together we could take over the world like if guys well we kind of did america america yeah America. Well, that's like the first guy I met from... i met from uh from texas when i joined the navy i had a guy who's my roommate buds i'd have my roommate buds i don't know shit about shit up from montana i met this dude my roommate and