Imagine if you teleported yourself back freaking, how many years is that? I was in... 77 i was 15 years from bin laden's thing yeah yes 15 years back teleport back and be like, hey, in 15 years, you're going to kill that asshole. Yeah. yeah well it's we'd heard about him when we like the first deployment i did i just finished sniper school we went to albania because there's a big exercise and bin laden said well we have al-qaeda there we're going to try to hit this so we're doing sniper coverage for, you know, not a high threat. But I remember hearing. Bin Laden's name, knowing who Al Qaeda was, way before 9-11. and just to think yeah this guy this guy then all of a sudden 9-11 then and then again like I said it's the guys from Team 6 or Delta or someone that's going to go get them. cool that we're trying to invent new tactics to see how we're going to jump in. that cave complex with 50 fighters or whatever, but it's never going to be. a mission to a house in a resort town on stealth helicopters. Yeah. Yeah. Just no one. America. Yeah. That was cool, though. Those helicopters were badass. They actually authorized me to... mention them, too, in the book so I could talk about them, but it was... That was what I was going to ask you to say. I thought I was going to ask you the second we cut this. I was like, I want to know all about them. Because they're just like outfitted UH-60s, right? Yeah, yeah. Or AH-60s? It was just because we went out to Nevada. I'm not allowed to talk about that. a lot of talk about that but we um was it area when we saw them when we saw them, because we were convinced we're going to get shot down, and I was like, we would plan around this planning table and I would talk to the guys like, guys, and me of all. people saying we need to take this more serious like we're this is a one-way mission so they kind of got all calm whatever then we flew out to wherever and we came out of a hangar and saw these things and this is the first time you've ever seen anyone's seen them and uh holy shit and i said wow this is uh i guess it's 90 percent I guess it's 90%. We might not get shot down because I didn't know we were going to go to war on a Transformer. Yeah. yeah that's gotta be the first thought like we actually do have shit that we kept secret and then we kept a secret no kidding god bless america You don't have to say it, but can you wink if it's Area 51? And so it rhymes with it. I know where it is. we um but when we when we were on our you know we're two minutes out to ben london's house like we opened the well the air crew thank god they were there the army air crew knew how to open the fucking door never would have figured it out and you look you look yeah right you look down and it's like, you got a resort town. I know there's a golf course behind us. it's like it's not it's not like going to a house and ask it was a resort town yeah no shit okay And I just remember thinking, man, this is some serious Navy SEAL shit we're about to do. we're evading a town i read books about this and i'm fucking doing it all right I heard I can bench plus 500 pounds. That was a good order. Did you guys have any, I mean, we were. I mean, obviously, we were looking. Was there any air threat? No. Uh, no, cause one of the things that sort of eased our mind was most of their, uh, most of their weapons are looking towards India. Really? No one's going to invade them from... invaded from afghanistan so i mean the thoughts there but then again what does me work what is me worrying about a missile gonna stop the missile yeah i'm just gonna think about you're just gonna be like beep, game over. Oh, you're gone, you're just dead. Game over. I mean, were they... Were they more reluctant on just the secrecy of not knowing? where he was well we didn't want to tell the pakistanis that's all because the of the choices was a unilateral, multilateral option. with the Pakistanis no way that works they'll go get him They're taking him out somewhere else. Not taking him out, but moving him. yeah of course so when you get back to the united states and how long you How long do you stay as a Navy SEAL before you end up getting out? Well, we had a... of stuff go down in the aftermath because it turned into a big dog. pony show everybody wants to see the guys that did it everybody wants to meet him that was weird for us because we were low-key, believe it or not. Then we started making movies and shit. But then in August, Extortion 1-7 was shot down. so that's you know we killed bin lad in may in august we lose 30 31 americans to include the dog fucking terrible and um then we're planning funerals and then we need we lost an entire troop that you can't replace that experience so um and fucking heroism dude oh yeah unreal i mean that's a huge blow well and that's what you like because the rangers were in a fight and they went in and they said they put all 50, not 50, all 31 guys. on one bird because they said dash two is going to get shot down dash one might so we're gonna roll the dice and that just sucks it happened um And then, you know, we had to replace an entire troop. So I was a team leader. I wanted to know. another squadron so i could get right to afghanistan because i knew i was going to get out in january extended to august just sort of a kind of try to like an offering. I'm saying, look, I'm not getting out because of this. I'm going to go to war one more but I am getting out in August, so I'm going to go to war one more time. So I did that, and then I got... terminal leave and realized I don't know what the hell I'm going to do now. that's why i founded your grateful nation because in that six months i realized well everyone can get out and sell hats and people are going to buy them and and believe it or not just because you're a seal they're not going to hire you either even though we all think they will because we're entitled because wouldn't we be? It's the cologne. He's got a sense of humor. It's the cologne. Rob's got a sense of humor. Yeah, so the... But, yeah, and it was before I didn't do 20. I did almost.