get a lot of listeners over in uh australia and england yes kids, they ship to you too. Strikeforceenergy.com. dot com get on it drinking bros 20 off premier energy drink the biz. Next up, we got ghostbed.com forward slash. drinking bros i love that they made of our own home our own home Who has that? No one. Uh, ghost bed has done. GhostBed has done that for us. They've got new mattresses in the house. Those cooling. mattresses everybody keeps hitting me up about and they're like yo man that's the fucking truth yes yes they are so the cooling sheets and that adjustable base by the way whoever built that is a goddamn genius it's got usb It's got USB ports in it, flashlights, all that shit, because let's face it, you're Your wife goes to sleep early. You're up in bed reading your phone for like a good hour. hour and a half before that fucking Xanax kicks in before you go to sleep. You might as well be reading something on the ghost bed. They've also got the ghost pillows. which are nice go to ghostbed.com forward slash drinking bros and sleep so good it's scary they have a pay-as-you-go plan which nobody's offering uh especially to this crowd you know what i'm saying So take advantage of that before it's gone. Next up, we got bison. up we got bisonunion.com new to this and true to this, look, you know, hashtag Bert from TV, you know, the brand. you know, the company, uh, earn your food, kids be the bison. this is the finest apparel that you can make for dudes right now in this world uh bert koontz and his wife candace packed up, bought a cabin in the woods in Wyoming and said, fuck it. we're in for the long haul. We're gonna make this the best goddamn apparel company. the planet. You wear their hats. You're already wearing their belts. uh now they got cowboy boots over there um and their t-shirt look, you see us in our Instagram and Facebook wearing that shit all the time. We love them. and now they're a sponsor and the beauty of it is you guys are the ones that asked for promo code for Bison Union, congratulations, you have it. Strinkin' Bros. drinking bros, 20% off, not a one-time use. It's all the time. If you really want to load up Christmas go to bisonunion.com dude you can buy everything on their goddamn sites with with the 20% off whoo that is a savings and uh that shit lasts forever man a great quality man They're really, really fucking doing it right over at BisonUnion.com. Again, promo code. drinking bros for 20% off. That's good for forever. So just keep gassing it over there next up we've got grillyourassoff.com. I feel like all of these sponsors. perfect for the holidays um because these are gifts that you genuinely want You need seasonings for Thanksgiving. You need. seasonings for that turkey on Christmas Day. You need seasonings year-round. And let's face it, you're going to get them anyways. You're going to get the Lowry's at the store. You're going to get them. Montreal steak seasoning no go buy it from a company that's 100% veteran It's 100% veteran-owned. Go to grillyourassoff.com, type in the promo code DRINKINGBROS. for 15% off. While you're there, grab that beef jerky. that beef jerky is the finest I've ever had. No lie, man. I eat that shit all the time. i'm bulking but i'm lifting weights eating jerky all day. I love it, man. That sweet and spicy is my jam. They got a four pack for $20. they also got some mugs over there. some refreshing little beer mugs that me and my lady. drink out of a lot. Go to grillyourassoff.com. Try crispy, spicy hot. Crispy, spicy habanero blend. That's fucking amazing. Uh. Uh, again, grill your house off.com promo code drinking bros, 15% off. Last but not least, we've got GrenadeSoap.com Incoming! Grenadesoap.com How do I... love thee? Let me count the ways. No, let me sniff the ways. Why is it called grenadesoap.com? Because it's shaped like a grenade. what's the special ingredient gunpowder yes that's real there's real gunpowder inside each bar of soap, dude. It acts like a fucking, it's just like an exfoliant. Like, it's amazing. You rub your body with it. They got a taint scrubber that comes. with it. That's no lie, by the way. Everybody keeps buying these taint scrubbers. It's ass-eating season. in season clean clean yourself up kids uh you never know when when you're going to take home a one-night stand or a tinder date and she's going to flip you over and say let me let me around to the back door and see who's cooking and and in Dinah's Kitchen. Go to Grenada. GrenadeSoap.com. Type in the promo code DRINKINGBROS. drinking bros for 20% off. They've got all the best bathing products for dudes. That way you actually smell like a dude and not your wife. Ladies and gentlemen, here's Rob O'Neill. We're Lone Star. We're Lone Star. Lone Stars. Ladies and gentlemen, this... And this is a special day for Drinking Bros Podcast. Long awaited.