17 and but it's time it's just time to get out you know sure I Sure. And I guess where I'm going with this after that is when you. kill the most, the biggest high profile. high-profile person in the world. The only supervillain. Yeah. How do you come down from... That's right. I'm going to start... down that's right i'm gonna start saying that from now on he's the only one but doesn't the rest of life seem boring it that. No, it's good. I'm good. Um, I was like, I'll take that question. him. No, like the adrenaline thing, I'm over it. You are. My very last mission was my first L ambush. which should be awesome because an L.A. which is like the second thing you learn when you're doing it. You just hope that you can get more basic tactics yeah and that's what you're doing it support by We're getting shot at. We're killing them. And no address. And no adrenaline. I'm like, if I'm not getting adrenaline, I got to get out. I'm going to get complacent. going to, I'm going to, someone shoots at me. I'm going to walk up to them, assuming I'm going to shoot them. i'm going to get blasted i got it's time to leave so the adrenaline thing i'm good um I am a Washington Redskins fan so I get enough of that there just yeah especially with alex smith he's your quarterback god you know that guy's That guy throws five-yard outs all day long. He's all right. Cousins is having a... big year i wish i don't know whatever they got adrian peterson he's doing well um hail Well, hail to the Redskins. I'm a fan of Cousins. Yeah, he's good. He should have kept him. He's good. He's good. Yeah, I can see that perspective, right? Where there's a certain, like, I think I'm good. and but but the cool part about that is like what you're doing post all of this and not trying to be a fanboy or anything i just like i'm super respect guys that have these crazy experiences in life and then are you trying to use their shit days and all this other stuff to like provide for other people in the community that need. because there needs to be more awareness about the veteran community and that people aren't fucked up. There's guys out there like you that, you know, 17 years and they fucking. teams and you're like a go-getter you're an inspirer you're educator, those are the people that I want the veteran. community to be like associated with not this fucking pill popping that's exactly what i'm saying too bullshit because like yes there's some people out there there's some bad eggs, and there's a lot of guys that have issues, but the only way we fix those issues is if we bring them back. fix those issues if we bring the whole country together to focus on fixing these guys a lot of these companies that we send veterans to are at first surprised that they're not getting. some ptsd crazy guy that's going to shoot the place up they're getting they're getting that has an mba and that's the narrative that's the narrative he's a pilot or something we fucking sit in fortune 500 meetings and the narrative well, we tend not to hire veterans because everybody's afraid that they're going to. the place up. The opposite. Are you fucking kidding me? These guys have MBAs and BAs. and they're fucking crushing business and to your point about speaking about leadership, these guys have fucking led either a team, a squad. a platoon in fucking combat, the most complex, dynamic environment. in the fucking world you don't think that they can manage some hr issues get the fuck out of here bro and that's the whole thing too like if the perfect plan that you came up is working something's wrong yeah in combat one of the rules anything you do can get you killed including nothing so being able to adjust in a fluid environment like you're saying they can do this now and no one's shooting at them they're going to be just fine but lot of employers need to see that and it's working 100 percent working 100 and i think guys like you and a lot of other people in the community are hopefully bringing that away and I'm stoked about it. So what was the coolest experience you had? when you got back from America and everybody knew that it was you. and everybody yeah yeah they're going to that video That was sent to me. We did get leave. after the bin Laden raid, and I was kind of down in the dumps, and one of my buddies sent me that video. that that should how long did that come out after three weeks oh fuck They were quick It was quick The writers were like Robert Rico said he was like I think with like Paul Rudd and Will Ferrell were writing a movie the day after the Bin Laden raid. something like this. And they said, what's it like to be that guy? So they shot that. video, and that's just pretty funny. No, I've been fortunate. I've been able to do some. And I've been able to meet some cool people The Kid Rock thing And he's a buddy of mine So that's why he asked me to get on He called Bob That's why he asked me to get on it. You call him Bob? That's the hardest part about getting to know Kid Rock is calling him Bob. Yeah, because that's his... real name. And you're like, you're on the Bob level. Yeah, but everybody we know that knows him you know johnny primo right yeah he was working security him. They said they love the guy. Oh, he's a guy. What do you mean, Bob, dude? Yeah. Yeah, when he's not. I want to play guitar on the stage, man. I get down with the six strings. The other person I heard you were partying with. other night was Dave Grohl. Dave Grohl's my man, too, yeah. Oh, yeah. No way. Oh, no way! He's the best. He's the best. That is fucking awesome. Well, Dave's great, because I met... him the first time at one of the Super Bowls, where I met Rob Regal, too. and uh boy i'm name dropping like a son of a bitch that's fine we do it all the time Rob Riggle. We do it all the time. We wanted him really bad for range 15, and he turned us down. He turned us down for the movie. That's okay. But I got a picture with... So Dave Grohl... asked me if I wanted shots of tequila. And I'm like, of course. And then he took a couple. shots. He said, well, do you want to go meet Paul McCartney? I'm like, yeah. So I got to go. So I got a great picture of me, Dave Groh, and Paul McCartney, but the best part of the story is sent the picture right to my sister my younger sister who's a huge nirvana fan, huge Beatles fan, and a huge Foo Fighters fan. And, um...