Wow. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting you say that. and like and not to get to peel that onion back too much but like the criticism on people coming out and telling stories of heroism has always kind of perplexed me. i think that there are these stories that have to be told and these guys that have fucking spent decades in war and it's not a fucking easy job there's a reason why like said, thank you for your service thing earlier. Life, limb, fuck. everything. These are guys that are willing to go out there and run at. not only a known threat, but prominent death. Oh, yeah. You know you're going to fucking die. And I think that we. often too often criticize our own for being a little public with that information as long as there's not ttps and sops that's exactly right with guys fuck with guys and and and the continuation of the mission like why not tell these stories because know i know a lot of guys back in world war ii and vietnam that they probably wish they could have fucking told the stories of heroism of their friends that were doing. these epic things in the name of the fight that America voted for. so your point here and and this was a big complaint and almost argument I got into days before I left active duty with leadership inside the air combat command, because I, I raised. my hand when they come around and do the dog and pony show with someone from headquarters Air Force. and they're like who has questions i go when are we getting a moh recipient and the answer from them is we don't do things for the metals And I go, yeah, that's great. But we need people to be recognized. for the things that they did so these young guys all in this room know who to strive to be and be like because when i came in uh in In 2003, that was right after the first wave of silver. stars and Air Force Crosses got awarded to the guys on Roberts Ridge and talker gar that's right so me as a young guy i was reading citations of guys i was like just had this god complex that was like these guys are fucking badasses and we had this gap from like 2009 in our community. where we just weren't recognizing anybody for anything. It wasn't that we stopped doing anything. just people, you know, people in the higher ups and things like that. rewarding guys for things that they do because it's a jealousy thing. it's a fucking a lot of jealousy yeah it's all ego right and i mean that's i joined the army to be arranged as Blackhawk down, especially to unit guys that were, you know. gay fucking died and knew they were going to like i was like that's where i want to be in life. I want to be one of those guys. And I don't give a fuck if I die in my 20s because I want to be. someone that is like a legend and respected and you know life takes its course, but I think it's super inappropriate and unfair. for people to judge at that level, especially when they've never put the fucking boots on and done the work. it's my one little thing i want to interject in there i fucking hate it when I see our community eat our own. Oh, man, that happens too. No, fuck. trust me, I know, I'm, you know, and all I do is make fucking dumb YouTube videos, you know? and you're like, who are you going to eat me for fucking having a career? Like, everybody just needs to chill out. realize that like we're fucking a community and a family and we have to like be. together and the only way that happens is if we come together as one yeah i think telling the story too, like with my book, I got it approved through the DOD at the Pentagon. Mm-hmm Pentagon how long did it say why are yes? Yeah, yeah, yeah, mine mine Mine took like nine months. It was, I think they won a part of, that's crazy. But I just, as long as you're, like you said, you're not giving up TTPs or putting anyone in harm. way the story should be told and i'm happy with mine like i i have a platform now I can tell people I didn't have the most dangerous job in the military. It's the soldier. and the Marine and the airmen that are walking through minefields in the daytime in Canada. Yeah. That's the dangerous job. And no one hears their story. So there needs to be a platform. people out there doing it. I'm pretty sure we're happy that George Washington brought up. biographer with him when he fought the Hessians in the Revolutionary War. I'm glad we know what happened at E. Wood. I'm glad we know what happened on Normandy, you know? Right. The stories need to be told like it. or not and you know it's not like it's not like me personally i've never credit for bin laden i'm just telling you what happened on the stairs sure I'm talking about the bravery about the guy in front of me. Somebody else did, though. Somebody else tried to take credit for that. right yeah well sort of um uh there was a book No Easy Day, that was written. Correct. And it's, I, again. Again, everyone on that mission to put their butts in the seat risked their life. they're all heroes fuck yeah um and and a colleague of mine wrote a book I don't he was behind me I don't know it's it's a fog of war it's a lot emotion and stuff like that but as far as i know he never said he killed latin he said he shot bin latin yeah yeah he did and i'm not getting into i don't know I read the book. He said someone else got him first. and then two people came in afterwards while he was gasping for breath and they ended it so they shot him afterwards in the book okay um and see i don't know what happened back there when i saw bin laden he was standing on feet and i shot him three times right he was on his feet um again they're all heroes and the team did the mission the pilot that crash landed and saved everyone's lives in dash one he's the hero i'm a guy that went upstairs because I was scared and I just knew the tactics, you know, that's it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely. In my response.