um i want my people to have fun so we have we have fun with them yeah i think it's a great take on it guys are actually everyone but here other than me is phenomenal in speaking great at ross is great at it i fucking hate speaking right why i mean ross I mean, Ross gets us kicked out of the MGM Grand. I don't realize it. Fair enough. paralysis by analysis or some shit. Paralysis, that's good. By analysis, yeah, yeah. I've seen you do some speaking stuff, and it's fucking pretty cool. Thank you. Well, I learned the key to it. speaking is three strong drinks, not four, not two. Three of them get out there. three gauge that drink are we talking three to three fingers uh yeah well of course yeah yeah does it depend which finger because, like, this is a little... See, I refused to drink before... Before the national anthem because I'm terrified. I'm gonna forget the words. Oh, yeah it's bad for your voice and you shouldn't drinking yeah yeah yeah uh rob if i can i want to i want to share a story with the audience yes was the first time I saw you. You're not going to remember me, obviously, but I'm in Columbus, Ohio for a Rolling Stones concert. Yes, I remember that. You were in the crowd, though. There were 70,000 people there. I was front row. I was right there. And Kid Rock is opening up for the Rolling Stones. yeah he stops the show mid-set and he goes ladies and gentlemen i want you to raise a fucking beer yeah to the man who killed Osama bin Laden and then you yeah Introducing Rob O'Neil, you come out on stage, people lost their fucking minds. Including myself. I was just like, this is America. yeah yeah um yeah i like that that the navy seal cologne and chicks is panty droppers, man. That's just going down. But yeah, he asked me because he's a buddy of mine. asked me if he could um uh play american badass and they they played the national Anthem in the middle, and he said, you want to come out and check it out? And I'll tell you what, if you haven't been on stage for what you've done, stage for when the stones are about to play that's a lot of people to be wow yeah how great how How crazy is that? It was so nuts. You point anywhere and then 7,000 hands go up. thousand hands go up and you know it's like it's like mind control it's so cool but it's surreal it's like the first time you jump out of a plane. It's not that big. You just got to take it all in. Yeah, the interesting part about it, and I'm not saying this just because you're on the show, is... have Kid Rock, you have the Rolling Stones, and the crowd goes crazy. They went bananas for you. I don't know if you stayed for the Stone Show. if you bounced up we know we did we stayed there we had some guys up there with uh some families um families. When you came out on stage, I mean, it was crazy. That's good to hear. crazy it's good that was the loudest it was all night and i was just like holy yeah that was that was neat that was it was neat when i went home like because my buddies were like dude how was the show it was like it was rad but like dude who killed bin laden came out like holy it was amazing and shit it was amazing yeah it was cool did you ever see yourself there i mean no god no no it's crazy right because I think that uh you know being I think A fucking amazing quote that I love is there's a difference between quiet, professional, and silent. professional but i mean i can't imagine in so many years that you served and then doing such a public event in such a private culture that... there's no way you could keep that under wraps or whatever there was no way we um well it was my my plan well, I mean, you know, there's never a perfect plan. It always changes. My plan was to 30 years in the Navy and as a Master Chief. buds instructor and retiring california smoke cigars on the beach that's that's the plan and then we got called for the bin laden raid and even training for that it's like well i'm not get the shot but we joke with each other about who is like he he's gonna get on a fucking slide and be in the goddamn alley, and then my buddy with the saw is going to take him down. That's what's going to happen. down that's what's gonna happen yeah the bp the bp position guys gonna be like you're the fucking junior guy? Yeah, yeah, exactly. Damn it! Because you know every senior guy is like, I'm... first in door, bitches. But when we got done with that mission, mean even guys in the helicopter knew what happened and as we're flying back and when we land mechanics from tf-160 knew what happened they're all pointing at me it's like getting god forbid to get back to virginia beach in 16 hours and everyone in the goddamn city knows it's like this is did you go that quick back to yeah we we uh yeah we got back you know the 90 minute flight out jbad yep then we put him on a c-130 flew up to bagram and we laid out all the all the ssc stuff so you know who was where what was in the house laying on they got the body there they're doing the dna and then we're we got the news on and they're talking it already then the president comes out and then we actually tried to find we wanted to find the Navy Seabees because if anyone's going to have... a pizza oven and a bunch of brown liquor, it's going to be them. CBs. CBs know how to roll. The TV's in a hundred roll. They fucking are. They got it. So yeah, we went there, showered up, hung out. we got on the internet and it's all over the new seal team six just killed bin laden then we got on a plane and flew. And so, you know, 15, 16 hours back, I mean, there were people... waiting for us when we got there. Like, everyone knew what happened. Everyone knew. Because everyone. on both coasts, because you've got SEAL teams in Virginia Beach and then Coronado. auto every single seal gets asked who got him and he'd say well don't tell anybody and then that friend tells the bartender on the mcp's are over on the McPee's or over at the Ready Room in Virginia Beach. I'm fucking shopping like that! That, by the way, is the most accurate. video I've seen of that whole mission of Rob Riegel. That's how it went down.