I'll link that in the show notes. So it's saying they're going to have 12 teams. All teams are going to receive seed funding, training, and mentorships. So it looks like they're almost doing, it feels like they're almost. doing what Spotify was kind of doing before. but not necessarily focusing just on what just on women um and they're doing it in a bigger way um i don't have more information on this. Maybe I'll inquire to see if somebody liked to do an interview to talk about this a little. bit more, but it sounds interesting and I do hope you all apply. so of course as i said i'll link that in the show notes um so that you can apply and look to see more information on it. I literally only read up on this as I was writing the intro to this. episode only to find out my other bad bitch which is Jenna of Pineapple Street, the person I'm always mentioning, is doing this. And if you look on the PRX application, um on the bottom it says because if you go to the website for this outside of the TechCrunch article, and if you just want to go to that white right now it would be google cp googlecp.prx.org google C as in cat, P as in Paul, .prx.org. and if you scroll to the bottom it says advisatory This advisory committee is Jenna Weiss-Berman, the co-chair. and Amit Dashi is a co-chair, um, who I haven't. heard of um it's jenna weiss berman of the co-founder of Pineapple Street Media. If you scroll all the way down. you'll see on the bottom, the advisory committee. So it looks like the people. will be choosing everyone after they submit is Jenna Weiss-Berman. is jenna weiss berman she's a co-chair and of course she's the co of pineapple street media and then the other person is a Dashi who is the other co-chair and he is a serial entrepreneur who has started companies in the technology. and consumer internet space he's now branded out to start IVM podcasts that focuses on making podcasts. lots of podcasts. He wants IVM podcast to be the premier destination. for spoken word content in India. so in working with Carrie at PRX and Jenna at Pineapple Street i mean those are two people i would pick if i was doing something so anywho moving on, I'll be in Boston the first weekend in November for the sound education. conference, talking about building online communities. and I'm thinking about doing a meetup. Anybody in Boston, let me know. I mean, even if there's only one person I am down to meet up go to breakfast or maybe go a drink or something. It's hard for me. to take in content about police killings, movies, books, any of it. Um, but if you heard about the Van Dyke trial out of Chicago, there is a podcast covering it called 16. shots. And I will link that in the episode notes, they've been covering the entire trial. and most likely will cover the verdict that happened last week. The hashtag PodsInColor has been used over 60,000 times. on Instagram. And I want to thank you all for using the hashtag on Instagram. on your posts, in your stories, really using it all over social media. Twitter it's been used so many times Facebook is used a lot I appreciate it. I appreciate you spreading the word. Instagram is a huge place for podcasts and the hashtag helps people find other podcasts. and then they find, you know, the community of podcasts in color. So I appreciate you using Pods in Color, please keep using it. If you want to use Pods in Color, please keep using it. it really does help today's interview is with five v five of latin of Latinos Who Lunch. I have really fun talking to him. I hope you enjoy this. interview and he'll be in Colorado later this month. So if I organize a meetup or anything while he's in town, of course I'll put that on the next podcast and across my social media. So. to start with, thank you for joining me today. And what do you like to go by? noticed this is one thing that I noticed with people is that like, if you don't have to. say your name or anything a lot like you don't it's kind of like people assume know. And I was like, I don't, I don't know what's his most comfortable thing. uh you know what i don't even i don't even know anymore the saddest part i don't even know who am, Barry. Help me. What is your name? is people calling you? Well, my legal name is just... Favela, but my internet name is... fovy fov okay so and fovy fov is like my high school nickname that just kind of stuck so So a lot of people call me Favi. That's my, that's, that's a, you can. me Favi or Justin. Okay. Well, I call you Favi in my head and I feel. like i'm not sure what i call doing in person but in my head that's what i call you like when i see it i'm like it's probably five. Okay, yeah, you can call me that. That's cool. Okay. So I always want to be comfortable with people because I know I go by Barry. Of course, my real-