everybody, but we also have fun doing it. So I feel like, you know long as you're okay with it, it's fine. But I do love that format that you all. include other people. So I get to hear about, you know, other people and jobs and things. I might not have heard about, or, you know, just things I wouldn't have heard about. And then it's. something with you all kind of being silly or talking about yourselves in the next episode. it's like i feel connected but i'm also getting the information i know you guys want to spread so i like i appreciate it i noticed it so yeah okay thanks you um so i didn't say this so you listening to other podcasts is kind of what got you into podcasting. How have you discovered? more podcasts because it's because of you i've discovered more brown podcast and i would say latinx podcasts but how do you discover like you know grow in that space it listening to podcasts I tell all the latino podcasts out there that are trying to get a bigger audience like when's the last time you shouted out another podcast from the very beginning i remember um one of the podcasts that I would listen to back in the day was Mark Maron's podcast. WTF, and where he would... He would interview a comedian and then the comedian said, oh, I'm actually I actually have my own. podcast and then i would listen to their podcasts and then they'd have other you know so So through there, I just started finding all these different podcasts. so yeah i mean you the The medium itself, you know, is kind of niched. depending on what you're listening to so I mean I that's how I learned about marcia's plate was through uh tea with queen and jay and you know, just podcasts. you find you find out about podcasts through other podcasts pretty much that's what i think too like when you're saying that i'm like i like that other people see the same thing like it's not just me out there. Like, this is how it should be. Okay. So question, because. you, was it earlier this year that there was the, I want to say. Latinx festival. I don't know if that's any next one. I don't know if I'm saying that right, but posterior, am I saying that wrong? That's something near that. did a, we did a, we hosted an event at 11. Latinx film festival. You're talking about Podcasterio Festival? Yes. yes okay yeah podcast stereo festival was last november oh okay and it was a all latinx like a podcast festival in LA that we put together really. quick in a couple months oh i didn't know that was only done in a couple of months it seemed really you all planning to do that again at all well i Well, we actually have a phone call tomorrow to see if. we're gonna do it again but uh i hope so i hope we do because it was really amazing we had just from from setting it up like two. months ahead of time, we had 17 podcasts show up. and set up their tables with merch and then we had panels all day long at La Plaza. I think it's called La Plaza de la Cultura in downtown L.A. So it was. so many people there. It was so cool to meet all these different podcasters, people flew in all the way from like Texas and Boston, New York. was really cool. Okay. Well, let me know if you're doing it again. I am planning on doing something. I didn't want to do it next year. just felt like a lot of things were popping up so if i'm going to try to do a conference a year after next in 2020. Um, so like, I'm, you know, just thinking of something in a collective, I've been seeing a lot of people doing things. And so. I just want to make sure it's done right. And like, even if it's small, like I want it to. done with the details I want and I don't want it to feel rushed. Cause whenever I do anything. everything i do anything rushed i feel disappointed in the end so i'm trying to treat this how thing I'm treating new things. like giving myself time to flesh it out, make sure that it's right. reaching out to sponsors and other things and things are coming together with me just saying it. so I feel like I'm on the right path of saying this is gonna happen and when gonna happen for what i want so we'll see yeah awesome Okay. So, um, with podcasting, is there a number one. podcast tip that you give to other podcasters? Because if you have a podcast, people always ask. you know you know do you have advice and things like that is there a number one thing where like this you should know or what i would tell somebody else with a podcast I think you just have to do it. I mean, a lot of people are afraid to start or a lot of people uh aren't consistent um so Um, so I don't know, like when we started, I don't, I actually don't know what this record sounds like might not be that good because it's like new equipment that i have but oh no way to hear it at least to me it sounds we're gonna say almost We're going to sound almost like we were in the same room. So you'll see. Just wait till you hear it. Okay. okay but um consistency is really important and just just not giving up. And I, you know, I love learning so much and I didn't realize Latinos Who Lunch would become a business almost, you know. uh and so now uh now that i have