name is Danielle, but people always shorten it. And I'm just like, but I have a name you can. shorten it. It's Barry. Just like, I have a nickname. We're good. Um, but okay. So Favi, what is your social media? Where can people find you? Well, they can find me on all social media platforms at FaviFa. At Favifav, that's F-A-V-Y-F-A-V. and I was really a big Flavor Flav fan back in the... day so that's where that came from still coming through still coming through yeah Well, I have to say, I do love your social media. I think, I mean, at least to me. it seems like your Instagram is biggest or that's where I see like the most engagement. like every one of your pictures that pops up, it's like hundreds of likes and people are like. love it give us more i know it's all a lot No, I'm just kidding. The curated life. of instagram oh my gosh isn't that the truth it's so truth it's something um so oh do you have your phone out that's what i forgot to ask you before started. Absolutely. Okay. So if you can open your phone. tell me what podcast app or apps do you use? Well, I mostly use Stitcher, um, and. And I'm an early adapter of Stitcher, so I don't like change. I keep using Stitcher. But now I. found that the purple app, as you call it, the podcast. app is improved a little bit because. doesn't download the podcast right to my phone like it used to which was annoying. Oh yeah. It used to auto download. I was telling people that was like the hardest thing. a while when the custom thing was it auto-downloaded anything you subscribe to yeah so I've been using the purple app for few podcasts that aren't on stitcher and then i use Spotify also. Mmm, I love it. Somebody, like, everybody gets on here. and they just do one podcast app so i feel like you're one of few people that had a couple different ones that they use regularly like oh no Oh, no, because sometimes like the read doesn't post on Stitcher right away. but it's on soundcloud or that you know what i mean we're all like that i feel like it might be the Reed keeping us on SoundCloud a little bit. Like, I swear there's... so many people that are like, you know, it's just like that first 20 minutes. It's only on SoundCloud. so i have to keep soundcloud around yeah it depends on my day like if i need it know i go right if you know what's up and you have the time needed to be there right then i understand so okay with stitcher do you do Stitcher Premium at all? Or are you just on the free side of Stitcher? No, I'm on... no i'm on the free side i don't i'm not paying for that no way They already put ads in between podcasts. Why would I pay? for it like i don't know i think yeah they're trying to do like original programming and stuff, but. Yeah, it's. been a while. I'm going to have a late episode coming. um which would be the episode that actually be before this where i kind of input some stuff from one of their stitcher podcasts talking about their premium but yeah I've had a, like, my thing is I've seen them developing, um, like they have a couple of black podcasts coming out. So there's one coming out tomorrow and then one in October. on the premium side and they've done some before but it's just like a couple it's like, if I have hundreds of podcasts out that are free, what makes me. want to go sign up for just like three or four podcasts behind a paywall i don't know it's kind of hard but yeah it is what it is always try to see if other people do premium or if I'm just the hater that's like, why would I pay more? think we're just both haters We could be, we could be. Okay. So we. Okay, so we know what podcast apps, you use a couple different apps. Can you give me some of the... podcasts that you're subscribed to across the apps? Oh. Oh, my gosh. Okay. Well, let me just. open it up and see. You know what I don't like about Stitcher right now? They totally... changed it so i had a custom order before and now it's doing it like by episodes, like by the newest episodes. and or i can go by shows and that is the custom order but anyway, let's see. So I have right now on my on the top of my shows on Stitcher unravel a fashion podcast um Um, let's see. Dr. Death is a new podcast by Wondery about. this white man that's just killing people. Nobody's checking him because white people get away. with everything um let's see insecurity whimsically. volatile it's a podcast with katya the drag any Pretty much any podcast with drag queens, I'm listening to it. So that's the following couple, Unbearable with Big Dipper and Meatball. Race Chasers with Alaska Thunderfuck and Willem. Podcasts and Color, the podcast. Thank you. Marsha's Plate, Sibling.