to that coming from a direct action community would be like let's all sit at the table drink a glass of whiskey because everybody devoted their lives to get that. that such fucking specialized fucking unit and participate in Anticipate and no fucking like more threat situation. So maybe maybe it's because I come from the community where we're the insurance policy that it's more of the like if my teammate killed somebody Yeah. You got him. Here we go. But I'm in that position too, man. would be a fight. It'd be like, yeah. One of my team leaders, man, when I was still out there and meet, there's. like we got in a fucking ambush we end up shooting like fucking 11 people or whatever and him and I, in an AAR, got after it. I was like, no, I dumped that guy. And he's like. no no I shot him and we like went back and forth and they're like he's dead guys. And I was like, oh yeah. He didn't kill any of our guys. So we. one of us did the job right or we both did it on that on that mission too the bin Laden raid we brought only seals so we're like we don't have our air for schedule this our air force guys with us if someone gets shot or we need to call cast we are fucked like I know how to carry it sledgehammer, that's about as tactical as I can get. Yeah, exactly. It usually makes your life. is yours like well i know all the guys that were on the uh... the phillips raid All the Phillips Ray, can you clear some of that up? Sure. Did. he actually say, look at me, I'm the captain now? I don't know. No, that's a great answer, but I've got a good one for you on this. sat next to the plane on a plane next to a guy that had just gotten out of... prison and he was the barber in the prison that that guy's at. the captain. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Look at me. And he said like. he is so salty and still to this day trying to f- that he didn't get any money from the movie. No way. No, I'm dead sir. He said every time he cut his hair. That's all that motherfucker talked about was how much he got screwed over to have no money from the movie or anything. You're an idiot. Oh, the actual pirate. The actual pirate. Yeah, the pirate. Yeah, the pirate. The pirate wanted... money, they wanted money for the movie, yeah. Yeah, but that's not how it works. I know, yeah. I know. You're life in prison for... Yeah, exactly, man. And you're like, where's my... money? That's my likeness, bro. I'm on a check. Yeah, yeah. But it was just a fascinating story from that dude. Like he was like, got a good one. I was like, you were the prison bar, God, you probably got the best stories ever. He goes, I got. stories every because I got the best of the best listen to this that's great One other thing, Rob, that I wanted to touch on, we can move on from the Bin Laden thing. we don't have to talk about this all all day is we obviously have a lot of military veterans on the show. There's a common theme that we've found in particular among this generation. that says the same thing why we always that's the same question why did you decide to get into the military? 99% of the time, it's 9-11. 9-11 was what, why we got into the military and then you kill the guy who was responsible for 9-11 11. Uh, does that feel like winning the lottery or do you like well, I I didn't I joined should they pray to you weren't you? That's another thing, too, that because we have the... controversy dumping the body in the ocean because the thing was they didn't want to make a shrine to Bin Laden that they could worship, but they didn't get a real... these are Wahhabas that they're not allowed to worship anything but Allah. That's why you can't depict Muhammad because they're worried it's a false idol so they never would have done that that's kind of funny, but no, no one prays to me, I hope. God no. Yeah. Well, hell expressed it. If you have Rob on Snapchat, please. send me your prayers for the next couple weeks. Yeah, but is it weird that you've become... the guy who I mean because let's face it even today in today's world of bad guys there isn't there still isn't anybody as big as that. I can't remember. I mean, over time, Hitler. Yeah, but he killed himself. I know. The best I'm saying. Yeah, yeah. You were the one guy who... Nobody ever got the one shot, I know. I joined before 9-11, I joined in 19- Did you go straight to the teams? Yeah, I did. I did. I went to boot camp in January. and I graduated buds by December 96. That sounds really cold. And, well, I went to Buds in April, so I had a summer hell week, which. is better. It's still, the Pacific's cold all the time, but summer hell week is better. yeah, yeah, I'm you know you ever go up Santa Barbara a little bit born a race Born and raised. That's outstanding, I can tell. Yeah. Back with that, you know, bro vibe. And get an awesome YouTube video since that's how it works. So, yeah, but then I was on my third deployment. 9-11. I was in Germany we just got done in Kosovo and we all we knew is everything just changed like we're no more no more you comes where we can go party in Lithuania and hang out in Norway. It's like we're going. It's done, right? We're going to the mountains and the desert, that's about it from now on. And imagine if you teleported yourself back frickin how many years is that I was in 77 of 15 years from bin Laden's thing. Yeah. Yes 15 years back teleport back, and be like, hey, in 15 years, you're gonna be the dude. Yeah, well it's we'd heard about him when we'd like the first deployment. I did I just finished sniper school. We went to Albania because there's a big exercise and been Laden said well we have Al Qaeda there we're gonna try to hit this so we're