you're listening to roads from a mess I'm father Andrew Stephen Damick. This podcast, which is produced in Emmaus, Pennsylvania. features sermons and other talks about the exploration and engagement of Christian faith with the world. Jesus Christ both journeyed with his disciples on the road to the biblical Emmaus and Clemaeus and broke bread with them, thus revealing himself as both our fellow traveler and the incarnate Word of God. Here's what we've got... for today In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, one God. Amen. One of the accusations. that certain non-orthodox Christians level against the Orthodox, is that we worship. idols. They say that when we bow, before an icon, or kiss it, or sense it, or light candles before. And like candles before it, we are worshipping that icon and giving to it... what is due to God alone. Idolatry is one of the most ancient of sins, giving worship to the people of Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel. giving worship to the creation rather than to the Creator. It is condemned in the Holy Scriptures many times. being the most visceral kind of apostasy, a betrayal and abandon... trail and abandonment of the one true God, giving devotion instead to something else. it is true that the Orthodox are idolaters, then that means that we are not even Christians. You cannot worship both God and something else you have to choose On the Sunday of October, the falls either on the 11th or immediately after. We make commemoration of the seventh ecumenical council which met in the year 787 in the city of Nicaea. to answer exactly this accusation of idolatry. Won't give you the full details of the arguments made, but I will summarize. The accused the accusers, who were called iconoclasts. A word that means icon smashers. May the argument that because God is invisible, you cannot depict him, except symbolically. So to point to an icon and say there is a picture of God sure of God, and especially then to venerate it, is idolatry. The fathers of the council, that is the orthodox, instead declared that the... That because God had become incarnate, that is, because the Son of God man. He is now visible. in Jesus Christ, and because he is visible in Jesus Christ, and because he is visible, then that means we not only may depict him. But we must depict it, not to depict it. is to deny the incarnation not to depict His saints is to deny that Christ is in them too. And thus, all veneration given to an icon of Christ or to the saints is actually given to the one depicted and not to the... material object itself. When you kiss... the hand on an icon of Christ you are kissing Christ The Incarnation is a central doctrine for Christians. We must believe in it if we are Christians. cannot deny that God became man and be Christians. and we cannot deny the place that material physical reality has for us and be Christian. what we do with our bodies and with the material world, is directly dependent on what we do. about who Jesus Christ is. Because the one true God took on matter for himself. giving himself a human body, then that means that all creation becomes the vehicle for the Divine Presence. And it means that especially where we see that divinity manifest, we give all... We give honor. We worship God alone. own, but we honor and venerate those people and things in which he has shown... his presence. So this has many... practical applications for us. We spoke on We spoke already about icons iconography is central to who we are Orthodox Christians because it witnesses to the incarnation and helps to connect us to it but this truth about God's presence in materiality is not only about icons. can also see how he is present in the whole mysteries, especially the Eucharist, which is his body and blood. But this truth about God's presence in materiality is