reality is not only about what we call the sacraments. One of our problems as Christians living in the 21st century is that we have tried to push God into one place or another leave him there. We can visit him. but that is where he remains. For those who do not make and venerate icons their God basically has no presence in the material world, he may be felt or preserved. in some sense, but he is not here or there in particular. He may be everywhere, but he is not present in this icon. or in this saint, but we as or... But we as Orthodox Christians are guilty of this too although not in the same way. We are happy to welcome God. our temples, onto our altars. into our icons etc but when it comes to other elements of materiality we expect him not to be present. Instead, we exile him. I could mention a number of ways in which we are... exiling God, such as when we do not fast exile. fast exiling him from our bodies or when we do not make homes sanctified with prayer, exiling him from our home. But I will mention now probably worst problem that we have in this regard. When we do not generously return to him what is already his own exile him from our finances. Money can be an uncomfortable topic. but that is why we need to discuss it. For many it is a festering wound that we want to put a Band-Aid on but not cure, so it's uncomfortable, but let's heal it Given what we have said about God presence in all of material reality, especially in certain people, and... places, we must also acknowledge that he is present in our possessions. and that includes our most tightly held possession. our money. And this presence is especially strong. those things that belong to the people of God. Why? It is because our very presence as Baptists as baptized and anointed members of the royal priesthood, bring... brings the blessing and presence of God wherever we are. You are, your possessions become holy because you are the one. possessing them. Because you belong to God. If you belong to God and bring with you the presence of God, then He is more present in you. things you own. The earth is the Lord's in the full... thereof, but He is especially manifest in us. his church. So it is clear that God is present in our possessions. God is present in our money. So knowing that God is present in what we have and knowing also that our task is to offer up the material world to to ask for His blessing, then that means that we have to get serious about our our money. Let's be frank. Frank although it certainly is the case that there are among us those who are indeed serious about offering up their money to God. God, most of us aren't. No one will judge you but God, but you can also judge yourself are you actually serious about offering to God what is His. Is what you're giving a true sacrifice. Or are you giving merely a donation. Are you paying dues? do's. Do you think that what you give to God is somehow contributing to God? contributing toward being eligible for a membership. Consider your income. Consider what you offer back to the state. yourself know what you are saying. is appropriate to being a member of the royal priesthood. is present in this material world, and He is present in us the royal priesthood and he is present in what we touch. and what we possess and maintain because we bring His presence with us. As Orthodox Christians, we do not believe in Jesus Christ. We do not believe in a theology in which God is separate from the material world and which therefore suggests that our possessions really... are ours to do with what we please what is in your home is sacred. What you wear on your body is sacred. is in your checking account is sacred. It is sacred because we have been declared by him to be sacred. and this sacredness is transmitted wherever we go. because of our common priesthood. It is for this reason that in the Holy Scriptures, God called upon His chosen. people to tithe, to give