In the IDEA document, we have extended the description. in the description how those metadata are used in past election. So... So the path selection is really deployment specific. women-specific attribute selection, it influenced the BGP decision process. The whole point of passing those attributes to the ingress node is for the purpose. ingress node to be able to select the path pass, not only based on the network condition, but also based on the service environment where the destination is. and and also there's handling of degraded matrix. right? It's a policy. And there's a description on that, and also there's a way to... to fall back. And now the metadata routes can be selected, how do we fall back? Okay, so in the past selection, in the IDR document, we... described three different scenarios um this is really each of the scenarios is by configuration. So, scenario number one, metadata plays a higher priority. than the traditional BGP, so that means when they choose the path, they use metadata as the first choice. If it's equal, then go to the other BGP criteria. And the second one is metadata values. same level as traditional BGP matrix. bgp matrix and in the document it describes how the selection process basically goes through. traditional BGP decision steps, right? from local preference, through the path, lens to the... origin and then go to the metadata. Scenario 3 is traditional BTP matrix has higher priority. So basically, metadata is used as a tiebreaker if two paths have to be used as a tiebreaker. two paths have equal level. So that's in the IDR document. Of course, there are gaps from... from the metadata pass attribute defined by IDR to be applied directly to CAD. directed to cats. So there's one thing about this. after this service instance differentiation. in the idea document we don't have the service instance indicated. So, in order for the cat. matrix to work properly and probably another. instance id need to be ex included Second is when you have large amount of raw data. in CATS, terminologies, ELs. analogies L0 type matrix. They need some kind of hierarchical types to make it. scale to be processed properly so that has to be introduced. Katz also defined this on this matrix lifetime in IDR document. we don't have this TTL or time to I'm too valid until this kind of attributes. So in order to support. this has to be introduced. and also for the shared resource, there's a scope identified. So, this allows them to use a scope identifier, so this allows them to use a scope identifier. site physical available index to be categorized by a school and data fine. identify. There's also more need to support more dynamic major classes. in the CAS that define matrix classes, which can... change frequently with IDR. with BGP update mechanism probably is not really. suitable for that. So that's the end if anybody have questions Thank you. Guan Min, please. Thank you for your presentation and I have a question I'm coming from our technologies since 5G radio connections and UE mobility state can change very rapidly whereas uh whereas the cast control loop involving matrix collection of computation typically operates on a slower time.