and has already been taken, you know. help formulated, help improve the draft and taking over his work. also on the mailing list after the previous meeting, we have... strong support from the working group that changed the document type into standard tracks. So we can, you know, register our matrix into INA and. And so this time, from the past two revisions, we major. we measure at the metric registry entries for CAS level. 1 and the level 2 levels matrix for any request. And two notes here, so this document will not stand up. will not standardize level 1 matrix because of their, you know, the... are you know this level is too diverse and it depends on the implementation or choosing what kinds of level of the matrix. a neural matrix you want to use and second note that this document would not force a choice of normalization aggregation functions. We just... give some examples to generate level one and level two matrix. but don't force them next slide please yes for the you know, matrix registries for cats, we follow some. templates from RFC 889. 8 9 11 and 8 9 12 I think there's here And here, a special thanks to, I mean, Greg Marisky's comment and also agents for their comments on referencing making reference to this off-seas so these these two obviously give some guidelines and also... format for register performance matrix, for example, like packet. Delay Variants and also like. um uh you know a new uh jitter or something else but for CAS metrics, so we We follow the similar matrix registry templates. for with the following register terms like some like summary, basically it includes like an identifier, name. fire, name, URI of the metric, and the metric definitions, and the method of merriment high, because for example, in a matrix activity. actively married or passively married or in hybrid mode and also like package stream generation and traffic filtering method. and also like defining some runtime parameters and their corresponding units, and also it will cover like output with like... the, you know, different types of the output and units and also their calibration method and then some like administrate. information about the controller, about the version. etc. and also the comments and remarks so basically this especially if there's six items. so next slide please so uh to be continued so we basically have five matrix here, one level two matrix and four level one matrix. you can see the name here on the office number and section number will be finalized when we and determine the later on and for the metric definition, we use normalization score, right? distance score ran from 0 to 10 to indicate the capability of each. you know, for example, for each metric. And the... dated precision here for this five matrix is decimal number, the unsigned integer represent them. Next slide. please. And then for the method of measurement. After the measurement, we define several reference methods from collecting raw matrix. For example, you want to collect like... to collect compute metrics, you might use an open source tool like Prometheus. or you want to collect network matrix using exam exam existing network protocols like NetConf, IPFx, etc. fix, etc. And also we provide some application logic and normalize logic examples. For example, for aggregation you can use with a sum and sigmo function for normalization. but we don't force them as I previously explained. also some runtime parameters here, like CAS service. contact instant ID, service instant IP, and Merimun. and Merrimo and Window, we also define them. And then about matrix collection role. Here basically, as defined in the CAS framework, there are two basic components to collect matrix, the CNMA. of the CNMA to collect the network matrix. uh a network metric agent and the csma the service metric agent is for collecting computers. matrix. But here, as we discuss internally within co-authors, we have a small technical question for the audience.