site to collect the service level information and then advertise. the CPS. collect them and append them to the network metric. provided by the say NMA and then form a whole. service table for the control plane. Then I will introduce you a concrete case. first, service modeling service site. 2 and Stats 3 deploy services and model their results. into simple tables just like this. The two cells, it has three or one instance at port to six. at port 67, and four at port 68. S3, S3. C3 says it has six AR-1 stands at port 69. and three LLM, one instance at port 70. output 70. Then service distribution. the same SMA then advertised the simple tables, the CPS, collect them, and combine. with the network delay from CNMA. the result is a whole service table, just like. this, it provides gas cost computing time network. building time, network delay, and contact drives. Additionally, the network is completely free of any role. any row hardware metrics. Finally, service consumption when client requests. uh request al1 service and needs the lowest delay, the CPS, then check this table. and calculate the total delay Select the optimal one, in this case it's this. is once the traffic is there, Maintaining the result state is very easy. Look at the locate step. The CPF then decrement this gas. the gas from three to two and when the service complete. the release step will increment the gas. back to three. It's highly scalable plus one and minus one. the minus one operation. Let's watch. some more video. Okay, this can be turned out. The video could we could play it It won't, it won't, it's a PDF. PDF. PDF. Thank you. So sad that we can't play this video now. now, or we may update it so we can check. our demo. So why we choose CMAS, first service First, service-level abstraction, it transforms raw data into actionable service units at the source. decoupling hardware complexity from network routine. Second, strict compatibility, fully comfortable. with existing C, SMA, CPS, and this GPS and CNMA components, third, privacy preservation. the preservation, raw computing metrics remain local, protect the proprietary infradata of service providers. our next step, we will where we are refine service unit template and accident. gas metric, we also seek more use case and the collaborator. Thank you very much. So. if you have any question, I'm ready to answer it. Come on, please. Thank you for your excellent presentation and I'm Guan Ming from Huawei Technologies and I have a question, which is that the draft clearly separate. computing metric advertisement from network topology. However, optimal part selection requires a consistent view of both compute and network states. How do you handle the synchronization? between the CMAS updates and routing protocol. called convergence. Thank you for your question. The update from, the update of frequency from the state SMOA. We also, we are, the framework is only