Hello everyone This is Quen Xiong again. I will present the... presented their data model for cats on behalf of their co-authors professors um we also have uh presented the document at one two three and one two four and then one, two, four, and thank you for the comments from Joe, from Adrian. and Pong. So we also update the update. based on these comments. the this comments uh first of all we do some uh editorial modification for the whole document for after a deep review and we also defined the terms and the to terms and move some discussions to their terms. section used in young model So, for example, in section 1.1, and we removed the... forwarding play young and we we wouldn't we We want to define a young model, but it's not dependent. on the solution. And we also change the structure. of the document to enhance the readability. capability for just like the below. we change the all the sections and the titles and remove some some of the sections uh so the first update is that we updated the... overview of the CAT system to align with the free work and their functional components. under just like the figure, we align. with the free work, the components, for example. the CESMA and the CPS, data plane, control plane, and the meta plane. We defined their database and their information. and their interfaces in their new term. and they're used in the young model. For example, we define the CCIB. to be used for the network for is it is it is responsible for maintaining the cat's in the CATS network computing information and there it is. and it provides the basic data for the CESM and we also defined the CNIB. NIB to responsible for maintaining the CATS network information. and they used it for the CNMA. and we defined the two new interfaces. For example, the CATS-SBI, it can be used. between the cash forwarders and the cash control plane. Hopefully it can be used to report the computing metric information and it also can be used to send the path and the surface policy information to the control plate to the cash forwarder. the CAS folder, and for CSMA, SMA API, it can be used between the control relay and their message. and their medicine plane and their CSMA. it can be used to report the surface metric information. the control plate or from control plate to can interpolate to the cash forwarders and so the second update is CAS state model structure. This model extends through the inputs and augments the ITF. routing young model divided in RC8. C8, uh, uh, 8349, uh, it, uh, it is. It is not, it does not depend some others. or some specific solution or some protocol, so it's it. uh it is uh adheres to their uh cast free work and so it can be viewed as a critical uh that diagnostic and control a control mechanism. so the CAS-ER model can include the base code, CAS objects, traffic classification. objects and the surface metric objects and also include. the notification. So we also removed the forward. their forwarding play of young, it is applicable to their CAS SBI and the CSMA API. api so uh we uh The co-authors think it may be ready for work. group to consider the adoption. Thanks.