We ask the class working group some deeper thinking. For the matrix on the computer side, we need to consider this. service status, GPU or computer load. and memory availability. And for the optical side, we need to look at the latency, valence, time slot availability and the optical link quality. And of course, there are some operational questions relevant to our work. And we request... We request working group members to review and... and to review and comment. And we will... integrate all the feedback. Thank you. Welcome your questions. and comments So I'm going to fill the gap. I think it's interesting. We need to be careful. how we phrase this, this is not the applicability of CAPS to OTN, it's the applicability of OTN to cats so it's how we but how we might build a CAT system sitting on top of an OTN system. end system uh and i think that's you know an interesting thing that probably most people in the room hadn't been thinking about because they were coming at this from a sort of pack. perspective. So we need to get some more eyes on this. Let's get the people in Seacham. in CCAMP in particular, but probably also TEAS, to be thinking about... this. So it's a good start. Thank you. oh thank you yes i agree Okay, thank you, the one in the queue, so we move to that. So we move to next. We should 5.2, but we don't have it. Oh, it's because it's when you joined, if you. Amen. Let's see if there is... Yes, we have to. but we couldn't find it here, right? Yeah. Um... I can... I can share my screen. Yeah, sorry about this everybody we had a data tracker snafu with this set of slides. um yeah you need to reload In case you want to know what the bug is, if the file name is more than 120... characters. It accepts the upload but doesn't actually upload the slides. Hello everyone, my name is Zheng He from BOPT. Today, I will present the updates to UNANCO. Uncle. Thanks to the great feedback from Daniele, Steven, and Adrian. we clarified our scope and resource models. Thanks. At the last meeting, I nearly asked why we focus on the optical networks, the answer is distributed AI work. AI workloads require hard isolation, zero data. zero jetter and deterministic lanterns. only optic layers like OTN can guarantee this, that's why. we believe this work belongs in the C-Camps.