resource and the network resource, but application layers only a layer is only concerning the content or the models. for the notes so which kind of the mechanism will be better Thank you. Sorry, so your question is about the load balancing part. of this framework? Yes, the adult patentee are can be the different scenarios used in. to use the ctn or cats because the cats don't i i understand the cats use the traffic steering. I consider the, computing source and the network source, that's what will be implemented in the next side, but CDN consider the content. what's the content we'll look at distributing the notes. in the notes but here you say that you needed to deploy the large model which is maybe computer sensitive. in the edge nodes so you may think the CAS will be good for the IDN, but is there any? other possibility to just use the application layers? load balancing in the IDN or your thing the CATS is the more appropriate the solutions for. implementers load balancing in the idea. Okay, thanks for your question. So actually the load balancing in this part our idea of... The idea of design is to follow a similar pattern in the done in the CDN, but as we know that in CDNs, the... content can be distributed to each computer. uh computing those freely and since the contents can be replicated and very easily to access and store it in the community node, but in this, our framework. of IDN, the model, especially for the large language. models, they can't be decomposed. decomposing, they can't be easily decomposing to the... small objects or the small parts that can be deployed on each device, so in this frame. So in this framework, one of the most important design is actually the first component about how to decompose the large language model into... different parts, for example, by decomposing it into. different phases different layers okay sorry we don't have so much time so please just respond to this question in the middle list. OK, yeah, we need to move to. the last one. Okay, thank you. We can talk about that later. Okay. Hello everyone. so this is my first attending an IETF meeting. so I don't I'm not very familiar with. process. So my slide is relatively simple. okay next i will share some immature ideas about the potential capabilities that future network knows. might need to have for AI traffic. For the first slide, okay. so why is today's network not good enough for traffic. First, the mechanisms are to cause QoS can separate the video. separate video from web traffic, but in an AI or a AI job is trace a critical gradient synchronize. the same as less urgent parameter fetch. So the network is blind to this semantics. Second, the network doesn't understand the means. of traffic, it can't tell a package. how a packet is part of an activation, a gradient or a kiwi catch. These have very different meaning timing. and importance, but the network handles some handles them all the same. Third, look at, for example, as ECN, it's just a congestion signal. It says slow down, but it can't make a scheduling decision. it can't it doesn't know which flow to priority prior can prioritize which one can be buffered or just one. could tolerate lower position instead of