connected with the new UCI interface face. So instead of traffic. Routing traffic The UCO can take the customer. intense and orchestrate across two domains. include both Now computer nodes and the ACTN optic network. at the same time Uh, next steps. In the next steps, we will refine the architecture, clarify the relationship. with ACTN and detail the use cases. We also plan to update the draft name to better match the Lunako's scope. will not hold the scope. We also were designed or we'll design young data model for the interface. Welcome more reviews and hope to seek WG adoption. Thank you very much. Thank you, no one. in the queue. I have one question. On this slide, you list a relationship with cats. these cats, but as it shows, I. I didn't see the similarity before. the artery before them, or... If you want to promote this, you may too. you made to make a clear relationship between it. Okay, no more questions. Do you have anything? So this is... just to wake up Haomyang. I'm interested, you're almost as old as I am. whether this reminds you of layer one VP. Yeah, go ahead. Yes, this is. a kind of layer one VPN connection serving for. I believe somehow like cat service. Okay, thank you so So my advice to you is go and see if you can find the RFP. And finally, RFC is about layer one VPN. I'll drop a note to the mailing list. but layer one vpn was about providing optical creating optical trails between edge points and discovering the edge point. in the edge points, so it may be helpful. Huh? Okay, thank you, thank you very much. Um, so we just... Okay next Okay. Good afternoon, everybody. My name is Hany Wang from... Hi, I'm Hany Wang from Pongchen Laboratory. Today I'm going to introduce two IETF drafts that we wrote recently. one is about IDN, and the second one is about ODI. and due to time limits, I will just give a short. introduction of these two drafts and we welcome the feedback from the CAS working group. Unlike previous drafts in this working group, These two graphs are more about the or model inference aspects. Our first. draft is called IDN, it is intelligence. delivery network. In Canada's delivery network is a framework. for deploying the deep learning models. across the heterogeneous cloud and. edge nulls. This idea is inspired by the content delivery. a network and we In this idea, we deploy the... different models across the different layers.