like my art career and Latinos who lunch really taking off I'm gonna have to hire somebody to like manage that. So I don't know just kind of rolling with the punches I think and and sticking with it. That's my advice leveling up. I like it. I feel like that's um you know, Kefir's manager, Alex, started like managing. the reading or you know started expanding that's when they were able to you know blow up more like they didn't have to concentrate on anything she was doing so I mean that could be just the next step until everybody knows your name, because I believe they will. Your energy, the art I love it if you look at his Instagram you get to see like some of the spirit of what he does and you can just show the energy. It's good. It's good energy. I'm not surprised when you're traveling. other places and people are inviting you and giving you awards and things like it's well deserved. Well, desire. Oh my gosh. That was crazy. Yes. Yes. Yes, and you're like is this happening? Yes, it's happening Oh my gosh, yeah, the impostor syndrome. was so strong last year. I feel like it gets my. Like it gets like that because you're like really really like I mean, I know I work hard but really in the midst of the work, you're like somebody better. think of me doing good one day and then they're thinking you doing good. And you're like, really? I mean. it was okay. I did that, you know? Yeah. So with your art, I was going to say, what are you doing right now? is there anything anyone can see or go see in person? I know you do different things. different states. Yeah, okay, I have a few things. now, I have a show I just installed a solo exhibition at the Berman Museum, which is in Collegeville, Pennsylvania, for anybody that wants to. make a little road trip who lives in Philly. It's about an- it's about like 45 minutes away from Philadelphia. So the. The Berman Museum has my show up through December. 17th, I believe, and we're actually going to do live Latinos who lunch there, October 2nd. second, um, which will be really cool. I'm just missing them. Yeah. and then I also have an installation at the very same museum. and a different wing and that'll be up through July next year. So you could see that anytime I have artwork. also in the UK at the Burry Art Museum and Sculpture Center. a big pile of nachos and then right now, I'm about to go to New York and install work at the Sugar Hill. at the Sugarhill Children's Museum of Art and Storytelling and that's that's in Sugar Hill and like in Harlem and that opens up mid-October and is gonna be up for a full year. look at you so do you have anything how you said like some things up for a year some things are up till next summer. Do you keep track of that anywhere? on a web page or anything like the ongoing things sorry to stress you if you don't I'm going to stress you if you don't, okay? Just asking, just asking. I'm going to get there. I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there eventually. I do need to update my artist website. which is my name, JustinFavella.com. And there is a news and updates tab there that will eventually be updated people can see everything that I'm doing. Well, that's there of course as I said on his Instagram like you will see different pictures of different argues done across the thing, the world. and his Instagram stories. I feel like do that also. I love them Well, thank you for joining me today and talking about your podcast and taking the time because I just feel like when we work remotely and we don't have nine to five can just be like, do I have the time? You know, it seems like there's time, but you're. kind of working. So I appreciate you taking a moment to talk. me. No, thank you so much for thinking of me. I'm so exciting. and you know I am a big fan and ever since I found you because of the read and you know became Uh, became, I mean, submitted my podcast to podcasts and color. I was just so excited to just like be on. your radar. So this is such an honor to be on your show. Thank you so. much. No problem. Oh, and you saw that thing the other day. I saw you guys reposted it We posted it but like this someone came up to me at an event a podcasting event in dimmer and was like And Debra was like, I found you through Latinos to lunch. And I was like, shut up. Shut up, like, you know, you know, things like that might happen. But then, like, the microwave. but then the microphone was like, let me just let you know, this is how I found you. So I was like, it worked. That is so cool. I love our listeners, they're so cool, they're so nice. So maybe next time I'm here in Denver again, we'll have to have some type of meetup. Maybe people would come out if we do some type of, you know, meet up for people to do things. I'll be in Denver in October. see you soon. Shut up. Yes. Okay. Look at this. It's working out. so you just be into existence so we'll confirm that and we'll put something up because of course we got to do something cool awesome, okay? Well. Thank you and have a good rest of your day, Justin. You too. Bye bye. Bye. Thanks for listening to another episode of podcast.