border okay so So non-transitive, it's actually added by, the source. So when the edge data center generate those matrix, and... and attach them to the services. at this non-transition. pass attribute so that the node receiving it would not propagate across the border. In addition, the raw reflector can also... add this non-advertised well-known. community so that receiving node will not. were not propagated across to the unintended... audience, unintended neighbor. And to, on top of that, to and to prevent any possibility. of going cross-border and the message itself the update itself can also include the intended ASs, so that It will definitely not cross to the ASS. is not listed here. So those are the three methods. which have been indicated in the idr document So, in terms of applicability to apply those metadata and the methods to the metrics specified by cats. In the PTP Metadata, we're going to go to the PTP Metadata. pass attribute. There are currently those sub-TLVs has been specified. The first one is the site preference index. This is mapping into CAT's L2. uh l2 policy matrix um and And second one is the Physical Availability Index. This is exactly mapped to . to a shared resource, which is being described in one of the cash documents. so the physical availability in So the probability index is really to show that you may have a fiber. to a particular part of a particular shape. and all the instances, doesn't matter, it's... ipv4 ipv6 or vpn in all the instances are impacted instead of having so many individual withdrawal messages. draw a message to the remote end saying all those different prefixes need to withdraw. This method... allows just one single message to be sent to the ingress notes. So they can take in. can taking off just consider all the routes associated with this particular index are treated as withdrawal. So that's the purpose of this Site Physical Availability Index subtilies. sub-TLV is for. Then next. service delay prediction, which is... which can be mapped directly to the service processing delay. and delay um and then there's a service oriented capability, which is mapped into the CATS. computing resource capability. And there's also raw measurement, which is mapped into the traffic. load utilization, which is LACATES L0. or L1 type of matrix. Okay, so, in the idea... In the IDEA document, we have extended the description. in the description how those metadata are used in past election. So... So the path selection is really deployment specific. women-specific attribute selection, it influenced the BGP decision process. The whole point of passing those attributes to the ingress node is for the purpose. ingress node to be able to select the path pass, not only based on the network condition, but also based on the service environment where the destination is. and and also there's handling of degraded matrix. right? It's a policy. And there's a description on that, and also there's a way to... to fall back.