state combining the In this work, we . we have disseminated the service unit table service service information is a very lightweight table. After the table got to. the cps cps will combine in the table to form the whole service service table the service table is also very lightweight. And the CPAS company. has combining the service table with the TDB. TDB, who will get the decision, how to steer your traffic so it do not interfere the network convergence, it's just... It's just the table, very light table to... get to the cps the service information is very... uh clear in the table and it's one But consuming as a service just need to. need to change the value. the gas, so I think it is very and we have realized the system uh during the framework, during the framework. so I think it is very. important for our group to first run uh run the system to just to make the framework run, it's very. It's a very important thing, I think. Well. next, Tran. Chuan Xiong from ZTE, thank you for your... presentation and I wonder that what's the difference between the uh l1 l2 metric under the surface units because of my uh from my view it uh they were uh an aggregate the row metric to several specific metrics. Thank you. L1, L2 metrics are the some. We can say it is normalized physical matrix. but our matrix is now to come. is not concerned about the physical way the service side. use this metrics to. calculate the service you need, then it just send. the service unit that our Siemens metrics. to the to the network, then the network don't the. don't need to know the physical details. then maybe it would be better to add some uh augment to the okay um please i moved Please move the discussion to offline because it is too specific and from the. working group perspective, you may consider that find out what should be done in the CAS working group document. from your draft and the second one is that find out what you to do in this one group. First, for the work group document cosmetic and another one is that what you want because in next steps we didn't see that what you want from the working group, right? Okay, thank you, thank you. Thank you for this interesting work, and we need to move to the next one. Okay next protocols applicability. Good afternoon everyone. I'm from China Mobile, now I'm happy to share our analysis about the protocols of the KVT-4K. for cancer. Firstly, let's talk about why we submit this draft, there are three things. One is to analysis existing ITF protocols for ability to it to to you to evaluate extensibility for 3K areas. key areas, including metrics, the collection and the distribution. and the path selection and the traffic steering.