and status, and it faces the following. three potential risks as the first one uh so first one is man in the middle attack attackers may forge north forge nodes or hijack links to report false metrics. which can lead to incorrect past decision. And the next is for service instance registration, attackers can register. fake instances without strict authenticity. causing CSMA to collect and distributing valid metrics. And next is. DOS attack. Attackers send a large number of requests to exhaust computing resources and. make it unable to collect the legitimate metrics. so the content mirrors are. right here uh so the first one is deploy csma in the We can play CSMA in a trusted zone, so we can play CSMA. place csma inside the serving site or trusted area of the address for voter restricted director. external access via firewalls and the second one is enforce rate limiting for requests we can set a threshold for single source. collection request to block malicious blood request this blood request and avoid those attack. And next is whitelist mechanism for service instances. only collect a metrics from a whitelist instance. backlist instances enforce strict identified authentication. for new registrations and And the next component, security, is about CAS network. metric agent security, the CNMA security, is the CNMA can connect. can collect sensitive network data and it is it faces the following risks. So the first one is sniffing attack. Sensitive network data may be intercept intercepted, enable attackers to identify. us to identify weak nodes and the next is false metric in the inject injection. The vulnerabilities is reused. protocols may allow injection of fake metrics are destroying network perception. and uh the the the second the third one is protocol vulnerability exploitation. uh so the unpassed vulnerabilities in running protocols can be exploited to infiltrate the CAS network. The countermeasures are as follows. So the first one is a job security in hand. enhanced routing protocols, we can use security protocols. for secure metric collection and transmission prevent preventing the FACO metric injection. and next is employment data. This is. um, desensitization, um, this tribute on. core decision making metric to CPS. and Mark King sensitive was the following. and sophology details to avoid leakage. And next is regularly update NMA. firmware and protocols, we can match vulnerability. ITF RFC standards, and conduct quality secure scans and then the last one is encrypt transmission links we can use. the TRS 1.3 with. a mutual certification authentication between C&M. and CPS to prevent man-the-middle attack. The next one is a CT. The CTS can classify the serving. the service traffic and it faces the two potential risks so the first one is classification rule tampering, attackers may tamper with the you the euro able a table to discrepancy malicious traffic has legitimate service traffic bypassing checks to enter the CAS network and the next one is a fake classification result for forgery. without the authentication on the celebration link. attackers can forge results leading to incorrect. discarding or forwarding of legitimate traffic. So the counter mirrors are as follow. The first one is uh the first one is encrypt and incremental updates we can days, we can store rules in a yes to five. six encrypt form and implement in