For example, a computer power scheduler assigns a distributed job to two data centers with FreeGP. with free GPUs, but it's completely blind to... to congest the optical link between them. so this leads to a massive compute. SAO compute efficiency loss to solve. this question, We need joint orchestration. This brings us to three requirements. integrated control and the control and management architecture. Second, unified abstract the abstraction and evaluation framework following the feedback from Steven, we have integrated storage along with compute and the optical states. Third, scheduling algorithm for joint orchestration. These three requirements leads to a question raised by Adrian. How is the difference from cats? from CATS. The table shows a clear box. CAT is about steering traffic over existing paths is triggered when packets arrive at the ingress, Unaco is a life cycle. orchestrator. Before the first bit is our center Unaco evaluates service intent logs. LOCKS require the AI computing resource and prob provisions a new optical circuits. And... And in CAS for OTN. optical channels are also pre-provided. provision for massive AI workloads only steering traffic or existing shared pipes is not enough. We need to control the optical layer to provision. a new physical or logical links call links on demand. Before the architecture, look at the... service model the customers specify their AI service intent, like a training large model then the service provider must translation is intense and orchestrate straight across two distinct domains. the domains, the network provider and the computer power. provider. In the real world they are usually different entities or at least different departments, so we must... must standardize the control. interface to bridge them. So you're not going to be able to Unaco architecture builds on the top, builds perfect. on the top of ACTN and the transport network controller is essentially as ACTN, PNC, and... and the UTI interface is based on the ACTN MPI. mpi but here but here is a critical difference unified compute optical orchestrator for orchestrator, act as an enhanced ACT. to enhance the ACTN MDSC, we introduce a new domain. the new domain, the compute power scheduler. connected with the new UCI interface face. So instead of traffic. Routing traffic The UCO can take the customer. intense and orchestrate across two domains. include both Now computer nodes and the ACTN optic network. at the same time Uh, next steps. In the next steps, we will refine the architecture, clarify the relationship. with ACTN and detail the use cases. We also plan to update the draft name to better match the Lunako's scope.