as well as the SOAS mapping and management. More importantly, this draft is no new problem. new protocol proposal. It is focused on the interface of the existing ITF protocols to the CAS system. come. Okay, now let's go over the CAS framework. quickly because it is our it's a is a base basis of our this chapter now as showing you this figure there are 4K function components. including CSMAs and MRACPAs. i'm a cps ctc from all architecture we always picture where we can see if Kessler can Kaskern worker in three planes. interconnected three planes. including control plane, data plane, and the managed plane. and manageably, they are working flow is various. flow is very straightforward it's then we can collect metrics including network and the computer. metrics, and then we can select a path for the. service flow and the zone. where the zone when the traffickers there traffic steering to the corresponding service and site Now let's go to the core of this structure. we can we analysis from CAS applicable applicability from the three plans including control plan management plan, data plan. Then we step into or into one step by step or go through. go through, focus on the which protocols are extended, let's go to the. uh let's go to the cast control plane application plain applicability. It is a core part of the CAS applicability. It has an ability, it covers matrix distribution. and the path selection and the traffic steering. as shown in this figure, we can see for metrics of this. for matrix distribution, for egress, egress. the egress egress node as shown in. EGRAS 1 or EGRAS 2 can advertise the metric. what has the metrics to the CPS with VDP. with BTPP extension or Yang model extension. if the ingress at the CPS as shown in EGRAS 1, EGRAS 2. to address what has metric. from the cps data from IGP, BGP extensions, four-part selection as well. as the CPS calculator. the optimal mass and distribute it to the ingress through the PCEP extension. For traffic steering, it's the controller sends the routing places to address. cases to egress way, BGP flows back to traffic theory. to traffic steering to the corresponding side of the node. Further, let's move to the management control ability. It may include the configuration. and then provisioning and the monitoring on the telemetry. for configuration and the provisioning way well We will extend the young model to a config. configure CAS policies, CISD mapping and CISD. mapping and the CSMA-CNs and my parameters for monetary and monitoring and the telemetry we can we can set up uh young model the young model push and the telemetry to management stream real-time. cash flow, such as the status, the parts, that performance and the community is received. uh is resource status to management system for For OAM enhancement, we can extend the pin. trace of operations to touch into specific CSAD for service level. for the lecture and the past work. pass verification uh let's go to the cast Let's go to the CAS data plane applicable for data. The full data plane, it is focusing forwarding on the data. data forwarding and, uh, uh, uh, uh, it can.