Today, on behalf of my co-authors, I will present our updated draft computing metric as a service. It provides a service. Service-Oriented Approach Forecast Traffics it has traffic steering. So let's start with a fundamental question. what do clients and cps need do we really need to disseminate specific computing metrics. Let's look at different row. First, climb. First, clients, they want to consume surveys, they want to know what surveys are available so they don't need any specific computing metrics. for from CPS perspective it's work as steering traffic. it needs to know which surveys are available. at which nodes so it doesn't need the concrete computing metrics either. Actually, we need a specific computing metrics locally only when we allocate the results and deploy the service once the services. is up and running, no matter role metrics or. aggregated metrics. It's completely. are completely unnecessary so we propose that the network should only disseminate to eliminate lightweight service level information. To achieve this, we introduce the public service platform. hosting logical registry called Public Service Table. It's an exam... example of the table. It acts as a standard recipe config. for our available service. For clients, this table defines what service exists and the required input. the input the expected computing time it helps them. understand the service and. the surveys and formulate your requests. For service sites, this table defines the... the minimum computing requirements and storage requirements. The survey side suggests a query this table to fetch the running code and the software dependency and then allocate results to deploy the service. The complexity of the hardware is completely hidden behind this table. Once the service is deployed, there will be a critical transformation instead of disseminating row metrics. the service site model their results in two services unit, as shown in Table 2. The most important metric is gas or globally available slots. For example, three here means that the set has three AL1 extensions. AL1 stands at port 67 and it also provides the car. and the local computing time. The set has four controls. over its capacity and the table. is the only thing needed to advertise to the network. This diagram shows overall information. flow, the CSMA of each. site to collect the service level information and then advertise. the CPS. collect them and append them to the network metric. provided by the say NMA and then form a whole. service table for the control plane. Then I will introduce you a concrete case. first, service modeling service site. 2 and Stats 3 deploy services and model their results. into simple tables just like this. The two cells, it has three or one instance at port to six. at port 67, and four at port 68. S3, S3. C3 says it has six AR-1 stands at port 69. and three LLM, one instance at port 70. output 70. Then service distribution. the same SMA then advertised the