And now the metadata routes can be selected, how do we fall back? Okay, so in the past selection, in the IDR document, we... described three different scenarios um this is really each of the scenarios is by configuration. So, scenario number one, metadata plays a higher priority. than the traditional BGP, so that means when they choose the path, they use metadata as the first choice. If it's equal, then go to the other BGP criteria. And the second one is metadata values. same level as traditional BGP matrix. bgp matrix and in the document it describes how the selection process basically goes through. traditional BGP decision steps, right? from local preference, through the path, lens to the... origin and then go to the metadata. Scenario 3 is traditional BTP matrix has higher priority. So basically, metadata is used as a tiebreaker if two paths have to be used as a tiebreaker. two paths have equal level. So that's in the IDR document. Of course, there are gaps from... from the metadata pass attribute defined by IDR to be applied directly to CAD. directed to cats. So there's one thing about this. after this service instance differentiation. in the idea document we don't have the service instance indicated. So, in order for the cat. matrix to work properly and probably another. instance id need to be ex included Second is when you have large amount of raw data. in CATS, terminologies, ELs. analogies L0 type matrix. They need some kind of hierarchical types to make it. scale to be processed properly so that has to be introduced. Katz also defined this on this matrix lifetime in IDR document. we don't have this TTL or time to I'm too valid until this kind of attributes. So in order to support. this has to be introduced. and also for the shared resource, there's a scope identified. So, this allows them to use a scope identifier, so this allows them to use a scope identifier. site physical available index to be categorized by a school and data fine. identify. There's also more need to support more dynamic major classes. in the CAS that define matrix classes, which can... change frequently with IDR. with BGP update mechanism probably is not really. suitable for that. So that's the end if anybody have questions Thank you. Guan Min, please. Thank you for your presentation and I have a question I'm coming from our technologies since 5G radio connections and UE mobility state can change very rapidly whereas uh whereas the cast control loop involving matrix collection of computation typically operates on a slower time. scale, what mechanisms does you suggest? to handle this timing mismatch. Oh, I don't. have any suggestion at this point. Here, I'm only present one. to present what IDEA has done and what BGP can do for this. For the dynamic matrix, maybe there will be some other considerations. and there is a presentation earlier before me talking about all those control No point. control point maybe something has to be um evaluated and Evaluate it and then see if that applicable for this. Okay thank you. Well, thank you very much. Wait a second. Wait a second. There are some discussion in the chat box. Jeffrey, so the authors of the solution dropped with BGP related or just. the authors of the applicability draft.