Today we proposed some protocol drafted to do their CATs. for cats metric to connection. or the distribution we we want to discuss this work thank you okay Thank you. Thank you. Javry? Hi. One of the things that would be useful to discuss the document is the rate of change of the state. know for the control plane as the example if you want to use BGPLS, BGPLS typically does not handle no fast churning data Mm-hmm. Yes, I think the... Yeah, so I think the ask there is that you add to this . to this document some consideration of the amount of data and the rate of change of data so that that helps us understand. which protocols are best suited. to each job. Okay, thank you, please. just consider Chair's suggestion and update. the draft and it is So it is a good draft maybe before and. solution, any cast solution draft. So thank you. So next, BGP. applicability. Good afternoon. This is Linda Dunbar. the number from future way so today I'm just going to give you a little update of what we have done in BGP in IDR. group about the metadata pass attribute and see how they can be applied to the matrix. um specified by cats um so here's the summary of this. as a metadata pass attribute specified by ID. is optional. non-transitive BGP paths. P pass attribute can carry the metadata and it. And it is very important that not every prefix carries this metric. carry this match pass attribute we want to make this only for a small subset because... it carry lots of data through the network and it's really based on the local configuration and here we show on the actual BGP message is the path attribute. Okay. um it is very important in the idea group we talk about this is really for the limited domain metadata distribution. All the BGP speakers have to announce it during their opening message to show they are capable of supporting. it and there's a flag when you send the BGP open message, you can... either allow this metadata to be available for all the Afi-Safi. afi-safi or limited if it is limited you basically list down all those AFI-SAPIs. And it is very, very important from IDR's perspective to... to constrain the distribution of this metadata because... it does contain sensitive information you may not We may not want to, operators may not want to. propagate those information to our intended audience so in So, in a BGP mechanism, there are three. methods to achieve this method. one is non-advertisement community when it's AS scope, adding AS scope. um scope sub-tlb one is the route filter and the policies OK, so here we want to emphasize. this limited domain um the limited domain is really defined by deployment. It could be one region. or one specific area. for the deployment, and in this domain the metrics can be propagated, but they cannot cross them.