Corbo updates with multi-factor authentication to prevent unauthorized modification. And next is active standby CTC cross-validation. We can deploy... primary and backup ctc is on the ingress forwarder forwarder traffic only when both updates. and are consistent along single point hijacked areas. So the next is large. uh log log classification operations in real time and the last one is validation CS ID and see and CSCI ID legitimate mercy. so the last uh the last one uh the last component security i will introduce today is CAS for order security and the potential risks are as follow the first one is encryption key leakage and other stolen keys enabled. The key is enable description of lower lane traffic and theft of service requests. next is fake service instance forwarding the traffic is forwarded to unverified very unverified fake instances leading to hijacking and And the last one is flat traffic attack malicious request. consume bad news and computing resources. So the content mirrors are as follow. First one is regular key. rotating and the second one is CSCI ID. and certificate binding and the next. is traffic cleaning and the last one is. overlay and underlay isolation. Oh, um, the, the security. the security, I just, I just. introduced this update in this version. and there are two components security. the security we have introduced in the last in the last version these two including cps security CPS security and underlying infrastructure security is. not changed in this version. Oh, and this. service now's workflow and metric distribution. workflow has also not changed. in this version. So that's all for my presentation if any question Jim, please. Yeah, good morning. Thank you for the presentation. thing that was going through my mind is... is have you cross-referenced this against the security considerations? that we pulled out in the in the framework document that I've got on the telechat coming up. And if you haven't... please take a look at that security considerations section. There's a lot of things. in there that are called out in the framework that would certainly need. be taken care of so it's difficult for me to tell just looking at this presentation I haven't read your draft at this point I love you. Some echoes from the remote, I think. So, yeah, so the question, as I heard it was, please look at the security considerations. the framework document and make sure. that you're properly tied in with those. Okay, okay, okay, thank you. Another suggestion. that please sort out which biscuit has a higher priority because you list so many risks behind today you can behind the CAS elements. So just to select which one is more important. okay okay and we'll consider it and do something in the next next version. OK, thank you. And we go to next. Hello everyone This is Quen Xiong again. I will present the... presented their data model for cats on behalf of their co-authors professors um we also have uh presented the document at one two three and one two four and then one, two, four, and thank you for the comments from Joe, from Adrian. and Pong. So we also update the update. based on these comments. the this comments uh first of all we do some uh editorial modification for the whole document for after a deep review and we also defined the terms and the