we need to collect, collect, carry. can relate their folios to ping pong. appointed the root cause for the trap shooting. So. this, our world updates for CASOM and the- co-authors want to make sure that if the. are CASOM are the necessary work. for the for cats working groups so we were so We also appreciate further review and feedbacks in the mailing list. Thank you. So, any questions? many, please? Okay, thank you for having me. Yeah, actually, the OAM... uh the oam work is very useful thank you for that and we do see you mentioned the L3L for maybe the network layer, right? when you do the OEM but I do have some concerns on you the acronym because the previous document metric are having the L0, L1, L2 metric, not as a layer. but the kind of level which is specified have the rules So, I'm wondering whether we need to change a little bit on... this kind of terms. And secondly, there will be more layers in the network for those. OEM to do so we are going to evaluate. if there are some additional input from network layer one and two. layer one, two, and then try to contribute together. Again, this is very useful. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. We will. to confirm the metric of debulation that drops. evolution, the draft, and there are L0L1M2. 0L1M2, maybe we will monitor one of them. were worth them, so we were clarifying. thing in the further version. Thanks. Yeah, I think that's kind of important. So. it's really nice to see OEM being worked on. uh we've got to be really careful about those bits of oam that OAM that are CATS system OAM, and those bits of OAM that... are for the plumbing, the network, because that's set. Because that second half doesn't belong to us, apart from maybe... may be asking for additional requirements or behaviour. but I suspect all we need to do for the network is say, OAM already exists and we build on it. And the new work that you'll be looking for is actually how do we measure what the CAT system is doing. yeah yeah thank you for your suggestion yeah we may need Yeah, we mainly focus on the surface instance and they're using the existing network. yeah Okay, thank you and we'll move to next. No So next, the security consideration. Good afternoon. everyone, and I'm from China Unicom. and I'm very happy to do this presentation. for security consideration for CAS and the draft is now version 4. Oh, okay. As we all know, the CAS can optimize. the traffic forwarding by combining a network and serving metrics. To do this job, the CATS has several functional components and each component has. its own security issues and risks. so in this picture we can see the security risks that the components may face, so including CSMA security. a CNMA security, CPI security and. the CTI security and cash forwarder security. and under underlying infrastructure security And this draft is, is about It's about the security risk that CASC functional components based and we can we also. give some suggestions about how to protect the function. security. So first let's talk about the CAAT service metric agent. security. A CAS service metric agent is responsible for collecting service capability.