Okay, you can control. Okay, thank you. and this document has been presented in last meeting. and thank you for the comments from Adrian and Wei Ling and Cheng and we have updated the version from the four to five we clarify their motivation and the problem. based on the OPS. WG Aireo and for the RC570. 706 piece from their agent suggestion. we updated the motivation and motivation and clarifying for the cats. CASOM and emphasizing their functions gaps so. So we also have updated the CAS layering model we divide. four layers for CASOM layering model. uh and there's uh also we uh update We updated the CASOM components, for example, the... SI OM and the SVC OM and we are. and we updated their CAS OEM requirements and removed the . move their deployment consideration. First, for the. motivation and the problem for castle m why do we leave a new om for example for the tradition or the existing OEM under monitoring. OEM wheels stop at the egress route. and we need to extend it into the surface instance. So for cats, the past must be from their network to Let's work to the surface the instance, and if we. uh we have no uh information or did not monitor the servicing instance if there are service instance offloaded or crashed, the traffic steering will fail. So this is the motivation for the and vision for the new CASOM. So this. is the relationship between the cast. test the existing framework use case and their metric. degradation and their OM free work. and the castle free work will provide their foundation and the base care architecture. for the OEM and their use case and the requirements. will provide the reason to... to provide their OM and the metric we will. define the metric and we will we will use the metric. to uh to monitor the uh to define the metrics that we need to monitor. And so, So we need to define a new OAM framework. free work to monitor and ensure the cats and uh cat's end-to-end surface so we will leverage the existing ITF OEM standards as the uh as the following shown uh for example dark sea uh 727 7276, and they're obviously... uh five seven zero bits of as we just mentioned, the FC6291. and the other BFD related graphs. under the for the nailing. layer in CSOM layer remodel, we defined the four. CASOM model and the two parts of them as they are new and the. the existing the pass away mending call me. we can use the existing technologies. So, for the two new OEM components. we will define the SIOM and the SVC. OM, and for SI OM, it lead to... need to provide the status monitoring for example we need to provide the instance the ability to. CATS-C SMA and we also need to provide the metric monitoring and the metric that has been divided. in their metric debellation and for us. And for SVCOM, it will need to provide the policy. verification, for example, to provide the. check their classification rules still. steering rules and forwarding behavior and for the joint performance. point of performance measurement will lead to measure the end-to-end latency and for multi-domain for isolation