component is about routing. It solves the problem that given user request how the request that can be routed to the best devices, just like in the CDN. And the next is about cache. It uses different mechanisms to improve the... the performance of the system and to improve the user experience, including like caches. of the model intermediates and the kvcache. can we cache? And the last one is about security. We are also so and to improve the privacy. and data security. of the system. And we would like to hear. the feedback from the community about the framework. design and also about the details and the second framework is about. ODSI, it is open, decentralized, and... and scanable framework for a large language. model inference. Actually, the core idea is inspired by. the blockchain it's like that each computer node can join these computing resources and to provide their power for perform parts of the model inference. in this framework, we design them. design many three components. The first one is about a transport protocol that... that defines how or what are the data being transferred. between different nodes of this distribution. distributed or decentralized computing nodes. reading notes and the second one is about the coordination. in terms of the problem about how the request can be performed by using the decentralized computing power of different nodes. And the third one is about the economics design. because each computing node is not altruistic. are not actualistic, so we designed a mechanism. that just like in the blockchain to uh encourages computing order to provide their computer for the resources. So that's all. about this. simple introduction of the two drives we would like to hear any feedback from the community. Thanks. Okay, thank you. No one in the queue. Thank you. Okay. Tran Yang. Try young, please. Okay, thank you very much. and I'm trying on my own DT cooperation and I'm very interested in the idea in the IDN solutions because I'm familiar with the CDN as you said this is a very similar to CDN mechanisms. But otherwise, I know. What I want to know is the CDN has a co-function is load balance would be... and would be implementing the application layer which we call the gslb be a gp yes maybe that and also we can use the cap for the another type of the load balance to implement but implementing the network layer when using CAS to select. the right service node and for the idea. and we still have this problems if we want to do the load balance to traffic the user request to the right light model in the age side, which kind of the. mechanism for loadability will be good or will be better. for the application layers implementations or we use cats we use CAS here because CAS needs to consider the computer. resource and the network resource, but application layers only a layer is only concerning the content or the models. for the notes so which kind of the mechanism will be better Thank you. Sorry, so your question is about the load balancing part. of this framework? Yes, the adult patentee are can be the different scenarios used in. to use the ctn or cats because the cats don't i i understand the cats use the traffic steering. I consider the, computing source and the network source, that's what will be implemented in the next side, but CDN consider the content. what's the content we'll look at distributing the notes. in the notes but here you say that you needed to deploy the large model which is maybe computer sensitive. in the edge nodes so you may think the