inference procedure, but it will direct. affect the efficiency and reliability. the availability of the inference service delivery. So why Matikas? why multicast is in is needed in this scenario Firstly, synchronization, the large models to the multiple GPU. clouds as a typical multicast use cases. Obvious. Obviously, it's a point to multiply. the pattern. And the second is that the. that it will reduce the IO botnet from the simultaneous. downloads improve the transmission efficiency. and minimize the code start latency. The third one is that the GPU clouds spend multiple regions, even multiple. operator networks, so multicast technology is capable. capabilities capable of operate across the different worlds, including. the core and the metro networks that is required. So for this. requirement, we have some candidates. some kind of multi-castle technologies we have a very brief analysis here for the traditional PMAS. PMSM requires a multi-cutter tree to be established in advance. So, all knows. all nodes along the tree for every replication parts will maintain the multi-castle flow information and it will it is slow to the response to the network topology changes but it can be improved by. the faster reroute mechanism like the MOFR. and it is suitable for the scenarios the set of the destination GPU clouds is relatively the... relatively fixed. For the SRP2MP mechanism this mechanism will realize the on the controller to implement the multi-castle traffic the money cluster trafficker engineering, and the replicating nodes. It means that the replication is a seed. of a required state, the multi-castle tunnel must be established beforehand, and it is also slow to respond to the network topology changes. is but it can be improved by the also by the faster routing the rerouting mechanism, and it is suitable for the scenarios. Also for the destination, HVU cloud is relatively thick. For the beer, beer is a uh as we know is a stateless multi-class technology and no need to establish a magic of the tree and it will respond quickly the network topology changes and no requirement. and then no requirement for the, that's the, the, the, The destination GP cloud is set to be fixed. So we just initiated the use case and the discussion of the scenario and we want more detailed requirements and the protection gaps discussion from the working group. Thank you. Any questions? This was a few minutes. Thank you. If you have any questions and comments, send it to AI. AI, the main list. Thank you. We do have another one presentation, that's out. multicast related. Hello hello everyone. Could you hear me? Yes, we can hear you. You have control of the slides. Please get started. yes thank you hello everyone i'm jian zhang from china mobile and i'm going to present our new drafts requirements and the gaps analysis. the analysis of the multi-courses in AI data centers. Next slide, peace. Thank you, thank you. first let's see multi-class use cases at the centers. and we know the mixture of the experts.