The net cloud problem set has been returned to working group. again for I'm not sure how many times it came back. keeping back we need consensus to progress it or maybe not progress on QS mode. on qs model they've been commenced from a directorate review it's on agenda today as services figures protect services, rigorous protection, I think we reach consensus with the LSR. LSR, so it will go and join last call with LSR. and this necessary routing revive, there's some. if there are some comments that need to be addressed. And if no questions, we'll start. with the first presentation can we get one or two volunteers to have with the minutes? Anybody? Come on. Yeah, okay your virtual assistant That one always works, no complaint, all right? And as a side comment, please send your... Send your slides before deadline. We have a deadline for a reason. we will just not allow you to present. if you don't do this so for example i received slides update request this morning, so I can now get... So I cannot guarantee that I will always see that sort of request. if you don't submit your slides before the deadline we specify, we cannot guarantee our presentation. period and engine business he cannot guarantee I can go guarantee, I can guarantee you won't. QS model. Yeah, I will be online. Uh, um, thanks for sharing the slides. Uh, okay. Okay, so hello everyone, my name is Asim Chowdhury. I will be providing the updates for Q&A. for QS Yang model, let me control the slide. Thanks. Okay. Since the last working group calls, we have… Because we have got multiple comments through multiple reviews. and uh most of the comments have been regarding the refined language refinement and improvement of descriptions of... We have taken care of almost all the comments. We have also got some comments. regarding the data types. which are used in filters and actions and. And based on these comments, we are able to update. the draft to version 15, which has been published. So I feel I'll try to cover. two important comments first come. First comment was regarding the DSCP range. uh which uh as per the comment uh dear cp dsvp range may violate rfc 2474 So there was a discussion on the working group mailing. chain, mailing list regarding that. and uh based on uh that is the resolution which we achieved in the working group mailing list. we have modified the text in the document to state explicitly that the domain gateway router has to abide by. has to respect RFC 8436. sakes and for internal domain, internal router. may classify traffic based on the DHCP ranges. Next comment, I. The last comment I actually want to highlight was regarding the PHP selection on the notes. And it was mentioned that the draft that there's no clarification or description, detailed description about PHP selection. the PHP selection, where the PHP is selected, and... and who takes what kind of actions, and based on the comments, we have modified the draft. to explicitly state that PHP is like... the PHP is selected as node as well as at the core of the DPSA domain, there's a BA classifier with maps at ref. which maps that have DHCP traffic to a particular PHP per node. and DSCP to PHP mapping is.