our staff working on a node. the staff have five procedures, the first is initializing analyzing, detecting, trigger RF, forwarding, and translating. and then the recovery. All these operations are driven by local states and confirm SIM tree use the local node without a country plan to participate. So, the above is on a ring to introduce, so how does... the staff scale to towers? we we proposed two policies counter first and the network first. to lead the staff scalable to tower to towards the forwarding and And the counter first is best for intra-operative fennials. and this one first is the best for inter-orbit fainers. Compare with the... with existing FRM exams, our proposals passed. both the staff have better performance. in three dimensions resource expenditure convergence speed, and the complexity. So, we can show that this is a fresh approach to. post to a sentence routine. from from combating dynamics to leveraging topology. We start our simulation on a 16... 16 multiplied 16 towers with different fault probability. The simulation results show that at the right figure. and demonstrate that the link of linear probability. the packet loss rate change with link failure. the link of finial probability and the node of finial probability. We can see that the mini method LFA and RFA are reduced the packet load. but our proposed network first demonstrates better performance. And also, and also, we, we... Today we have 16.5% reduced. under link fault condition and the 11.2% 0.2% reduced under no thin air conditions. Next, then we have a we have demonstrated our experiments under a five-loader ring using IPJ hardware. using standard OSPUv3 with results. These were results for Steph. The experiment results shows that, The staff we proposed can reduce the peak congestion. and can also reduce packet loss caused by microlouper and backhoe such as the peak pick pick congestion videos from than the mbps to 2,000 mbps. To compare with the performance, we have a better... packet loss and the micro packet loss and it's a better performance in black hole packet loss. So, um, so... So, we propose the staff and under simulation and the... experiments to... to probe the performance. better than the existing approaches than the And then this, let me just summarize the progress. uh, the purpose, uh, the staff is the control plane independent, dependent. and to delivering the total asymmetry. for convergences. and compare with the existing particles is it is not modified the existing. particles, so it is it is an easy. to use. And that's all. Thank you. Questions? Comments? no, any questions? Yes, yes. Okay, thank you, thank you. Hello everyone, I'm Yinsung Liu from China Mobile and this time I will present