transport of OPEC identifiers, such as CVPN, for example. Let me try to understand. your topic. You mean in a single care network? you don't need an ip based forwarding i'm not saying whether it's needed or not. I'm just commenting on frameworks you've mentioned. of them envision non-IP encapsulated traffic. Okay, let's talk offline. Second question in a single tier. there's no, in a single tier. Angle tier, there is no routing. There are echoes, okay. I cannot hear your hearing in a single theory. In a single tier, there's no routing, there's no BGP. practically, if anything, you need some form of fast notification. we are produced we are introducing bgp to this scenario course, there are no BGP currently, but we are... pushing forward. First direction. EGP on the host. bgp on the host yeah bp bgp running all running our host is common even NVIDIA's technoprotocol even NVIDIA's tech stack can support running bgp on host you can confirm with some of your colleagues Thanks. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good morning. This is Han Zhengxin from China Unicom. Today I'm going to share our work on the blog. on the flow control collaboration across data center networks and web. area networks based on these two below drops. Let's start with the background. currently pfc and ecn are widely adopted data centers for lossless transmission. With the rapid growth of distributed AI training and inference across geographically separated data centers. The demand for congestion-free data transfer has expanded. from the distance to 1. As we can see from the table, the one is very different. from the DCN. It is a enlarged square. with a complex dynamic topology and the long rtt the traffic has free macrobursts, so all of this makes significant challenges to achieving congestion-free data transmission. Why not just apply the PFC to one? PFC is a layer two mechanism of mechanism providing the port level feedback. for hope by hope by pressure over internet. It works well in the same, but when it applies, to one, it has critical limitations, including the head. of line blocking, dialogues and congestion spreading. This issue is where we will decree. will create a great network support and utilization in one. so to address these limitations and based on the Fintel problem discussion, we propose... We propose the fine green flow control FGFC as a... as an enhancement of PFC designed for IP1. It is a fast, precise layer 3 congestion control mechanism. operates in the data plan for millions. second level response the FGFC enables precise flow control at 10.8. and like the PFC port control port. level control, and it limits the flow control to specific. pies and slices and provide intelligent congestion back pressure based on the traffic prediction we can extend the PFC view the network protocol such as ICMP, UDP, et cetera to carry this kind of bad pressure. message and why we need to consider the co-deployment of PI of PFC and FGFC, both data center interconnection.