over wet area network. It requires to achieve the congestion-free data transfer across data center. as the PFC is already deployed within the DC. and FGFC's new mechanism. used in one, the edge node R1 and R5. in figures served as a boundary between. these two domains need to coordinate PFC and FGFC to achieve the end-to-end flow control. There are two types of the deployment scenarios. Scenario one is a single-hole direct interconnection. action the fgfc message are directly sent between the age node R1 and R5, so the established tunnel and the scenario two it's a multi-hole interconnection where the intermediate node take part. to participate in the congestion control process. and depends on the capability of the interim. The stability of the intermediate nodes, it supports the both hold-by-hold-back pressure. hold back pressure and cross hold back pressure. This flexibility makes the compatibility with the existing network. device in the critical deployments. requirements, and how the pfc and fgfc inter working from each other When the DCN congestion, it triggers the pressure on nodes. in one for example when the congestion occurs data center B, the data center B will send us. send the standard pfc frames to the hnode r5 and the R5 will offer the affected traffic. and when it reaches a buffer threshold, it will generate fgfc packet with a priority periodic AF1, slides ID, and post time, et cetera, or to the upstream. node ix and if the eyes cannot resolve and not resolve the congestion, it will continue sending. the backpressure message upstream. Conversely, from the FGFC to PFC, When the wine is congested, it triggers. the bad pressure in DCN. For example, the congestion. occurs at node Rx. rx and the rx in the specific slice with the priority af1 and the rx will send the FGFC package to the Hnode R1 with AI. with AF1 Slice ID and hosting time. The Hnode R1 will buffer the MyChainTenent traffic again. when it reaches a buffer threshold, the H node R will be The HNode R1 generates the standard PFC frames for the data center. A, then the data center A will stop. all the affected traffic at corresponding port. import As the edge node plays an important role for the similars. fgfc and pfc collaboration below as a below are the requirements. First, the coordination and the bidirectional translation between the one and the same flow control including the protocol conversion, semantic mapping and policy alignment and native support for the network slicing. Second, effectively response to reactively respond to the DCMPF frames. The edge node needs to... the agent only to learn the flow to pod mappings and manages above. manages the buffer results and generates the FGFC packets for one. The third effectively responds to the is born to the fgfc messaging one the age node you The edge node uses a flow and path mapping relationship to determine the target DNC pods and distinct pods. the same points, sorry, and generate standard PFC frames for the DCN. This requirement specifies the and specify the edge node capability and guiding the... device implementation. Besides, we have also done several trials for validation In Hangzhou, Jinghua, we deployed storage and computing separation AI training over VAM, and in Shanghai, we deploy the distributed inference using the model splitting linux. splitting learning this uh this trials are achieved over 95% computational efficiency. compared to the centralized weight. And for both trials, use the FGFC-in-1. PFC in ONE and the PFC in AIDC to guarantee the RDMA performance.