over long distance and the gateway devices match. met the requirements mentioned above for the black collection. collaborative deployment successfully achieving the end-to-end flow end to end flow control For the next step, we are seeking for more reviews and comments. and we will maintain alignment with federal work and the related conjecture. control drafts. Thanks for your attention. It's very interesting work. Thank you. I have one request for the draft. As you know, buffer space is required to hold piece. the whole pfc message and there's a formula to calculate buffer space per distance per traffic class i believe it's one per 20. kilometers. Yeah, unfortunately. if you could include table on memory requirements based on the distance in the one that would be very useful for the draft. You mean, could I put the... Oh, sorry, could you explain, you mean that I put... is that I put one of the buffers, buffer headroom. all yeah based on the distance on the one links also because the distance like the average. trail is 300 kilometers so the yeah, we need a big hack. ever had room for the device, yeah, and we have, I saw. So as network operators, we have seen several. new devices with a large buffer. If you could include table on memory requirements based on the distance in the drafts that would be very helpful for people who read to understand it. okay thanks for your suggestion At least to put some information, maybe as a panel. maybe as an appendix, if that's OK, there is, you know, OK. Okay, we will improve our drafts and things for your suggestion. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hello everyone, I'm Yi Song Liu from China Mobile and today I will present the multi-castle use cases for the LM synchronization on BFR. on behalf of my co-authors. Firstly, I will introduce the scenario. of the LRM synchronization in the inference clouds. As we see in the feed, the The multi-cloud RM synchronization is that... the centralized model... Repository automatically replicates. and synchronized the LRMs. to the distributed GPU cloud platforms. and every platform local have local this. the storage and maybe the GPU the gpu clouds in different regions or even in different operator networks. So... uh the imagery inference cloud service will deliver the large-scale real-time inference fun tuning and the model optimization services on the GPU cloud. platforms. For this scenario, we have two challenges. The first one is the high concurrence. So a popular large model with the size maybe 20 giga miles to the... one terabyte. That may be a download. simultaneously across dozens of GPU cloud. and this will lead to the input. or output botonets at the storage. repository which will delay the model distribution. at scale. And the second challenge is that the code start latency. So the inference service can now cannot start until the model is fully downloaded to the cloud GPU cloud and then the low download efficiency the efficiency leads to the significant code start latency. It will delay the user to access the as the the influence service. So. So, although this synchronization... process is separate from the training and the