everyone. Thanks for looking at... working group chairs for the population. my polarization good morning everyone thanks for the population by the from the chairs to present today instance. presented today in Shenzhen. I'm coming now from Xi Dian University. It's my graduate. uh it's my great honor to present uh our work uh my topic is a symmetry driver or cyclonauts forwarding with FastReboot for Network Nail Centerworks. My talk is organized. by five parts. Microlobes are generated during the IGP convergence process. and are triggered by link failure and the SPF web updates on synchronized and the forwarding in constant in consistency and which can cause. packing loss, congestion, reduce FR effectiveness. uh the rfc-15-7 the 15-7-15 confirms that microlobes preview in topology changes. This can cause congestion and repair starvation. So the microlobes is. uh is uh is always in the networks, but how this is starvation. in their networks. In neo-saturness netto uh cellless networks due to the more dynamic topology longer-propagator delay, and limited output resources. so the microlobes can cross down the connect give. and non-negable damages. There are two drivers. Firstly, plant disruption. orbital motion can cause ISL changes and sound avoidance can cause laser link shut down. Secondly, unplanned fennel, high energy particles. can cause neuter fenders and software fault can where fault can trigger link failure. So in DataWorks, all these changes can need more... topology changes, frequency convergence, and more micro-loads. microlobes. So microlobes have evolved. from radical incidents into routine events. this needs to uh uh performance this great in the network, given the challenge. This is the challenge, let's think about it. I think the existing approaches and onboard limitations. Current approaches such as LFA and the SPF timing control are designed for. terrestrial networks on the field failed to fully account for the space every mentor and. constrained resources in the neural networks. So how can we give this problem in a NGO. Our motivation comes with from the comes from the topology of the cell net constellation. the main constellations such as the worker data Manhattan and the tourist Manhattan can be as obstructed as to work. constructed as toward topology with with rational symmetry and. cemetery and the reflecting cemetery as the picture shows. the worker data conservation can map as a towards topology constructed by an ISL and can funeral. Fulner simplified to a ring topology as a basic unit. So the ring topology is the basic unit of the towers. towards topology, this means we can making relooting and traffic protection switching into a game grounded in a cemetery. The the R-step mechanism can be expand by an example of ring topology. The mechanism is straightforward. uh blockage can trigger reverse forward and the standpoint and the same part triggered reverse egress for the data. All the data package sent from node A to D. As the picture in red shows, If there is a link error between C and D, then the packet can detour through B, A, G, F, E. before arriving D without... making a microloops. So how does the R start?