first time we present this draft. in ITF. So firstly, there is a reminder of the AI backend network. so the scale-up network. which is the network between the... the GPUs is out of scope of this discussion. Let's focus on the scale out and scale across network. cross-network. The scale-out network typically is a network with the DC, the data center. It has a two or three tiered photo. tiered, folded across architecture, typically. sometimes it's... is leverage the multi-plane and multi-rail. real design and from the perspective of the routing protocol typically it's run the eBGP. So all of them talk to each other with eBGP, there's no IGP. RGP routing protocol, and for the resiliency and maintenance. Magnetons is heavily on the on the. ECMP to do the fastest, the faster. switch over and the scale across networks is another story, typically. a scale cross network is a wide area network, right? So the topology would be more arbitrary. and the routing protocol. So, typically we use the IGP and the... the BGP. Okay, and as to the receipt as to the Resiliency Magneton. So, beside the ECMP. we will use the LFA at the loop. free alternative or tlfa which is a Mac didn't rely on the segment routing. to achieve that. topology independent LFA. And we found that there are some limitations. the existing mechanisms. The first one is One is, the current mechanism is very slow because... it depends on the CPU to activate the resiliency mechanism, right? A CPU. a cpu need to be involved to react to the failure, which will cost around. They cost around maybe hundreds of milliseconds, but. But for the for the AI or machine. learning in your cloud it may need. a hundred microsecond level, a faster conversion. time so it's very slow if the cpu is involved. And the second one is all of the All of this current... protection magazines are only handle the local failure which means only the node So first the failure can take action, okay? Okay, to do the ECMP faster switchover or to. enforce the TLFA path, but... But the ECMP is not always available in the network. For example, in the network, for example, in a three, three. three-tiered cross architecture when the package comes from the ingress leaf to the spine, there are it. From the span to super span there are ECMPs. But if you go from the super span to the next span, and from the next span to the next lift, there are no ECMPs. the end piece okay that's the case of the uh the DC network and in the WAN or in the scale across network. course network, if you use the TLSFA, it's pathway it will cause the helping right the helping of the traffic which is not optimal so that's the second limitation the third one is uh all of this fast reroute mechanism cannot... handle the case of capacity. reduction or the colleague quality uh quality degradation it needs uh work on a binary way right it's only uh it's only between yes or no, but we hope. the network can handle the case in a more smart way here is kind of well of the. different case, for example, if the.