Now we can start. Good morning. everyone. Welcome to Shenzhen ATF 125 routing work group. Routing Working Group meeting, so let's start with Chair's update. You're fully automated, yes. Not well, please. Read not well. please make sure you're familiar with all the PCPs and ATF guides. with regards to conducting yourself and please don't harass others. Be nice. each other Meeting tips, if you participate in person, please. sign into the session and raise your head if you are trying. to get a doc for remote. Thank you very much. Please make sure your audio and video is off bandwidth is limited. life is short, so only do it when you're present. Back is in But isn't it moving? So, minutes are... collaborative. Please join Viamityaka for questions and please check them. notes and minutes before we publish them, so we know we are publishing the rights. And when you are speaking, please state your name. and please state your immunopulation. We've got, as always, long and full agenda. So please be on time, don't eat into other people's time. we don't have any new resist since 1.24. Why isn't it working? So, we've adopted the... the net notification PS problem statement and. we are looking further how Funtel or Fun within your name is going to develop eventually. we might decide to spin out actually new working group there's still ongoing discussion the charter there's more and more uh kind of surrounding documents we've published uh information model data model, and potentially before 120. to start process of new working group. VRRP has been to be in. has been for publication. Thanks, authors, for great work here. A lot of boarding. Multi-segment SDIVAN is Working Group Plus called Actually Working Group. actually working with Glasgow is formally done given the date. the authors have responded to all the questions. i'll do a review during the weekend and continue with further progress of the draft. BGP peak, there are some formal... changes in Jinq is joining. the draft as co-author and I'll be doing the shepherding. And please review all the new changes, I think in I think InGen did really great work by making it more readable. and fixing all the stuff that should have been fixed years ago, but yeah. Yeah, so there was a meeting with the, vrp dfd authors BODRAF will be updated. We'll update the working group on the decision. decision-taking, but we are progressing with it. The next...