in a face-to-face meeting, which is more efficient. and we really did that. So we got very good constructive discussions. and comments during the meeting. Thanks to all the participants. and we also have one agreement on the term or name used for this potential work working group. which is the fan and the we also updated the chatter text based on the comments received during the site meeting or before the site meeting on the... GitHub. And for now, all the issues have been closed. here is a GitHub repository link. Please review and continue the discussion on the Fentail list. fan tell list and you can also raise issues to the github So for the next steps, we will... The authors of the problem statement draft will update the draft. to reflect the comments received during the sub-meeting because some of the scope are some of the description in the summit. in the submitting room can be used in the province state draft. and we welcome further review and comments to this draft. either you can send the comment to the list, raise the issues on the GitHub. so that we can reach a relatively steady state. as soon as possible to guide the future work thank you Any questions? Geoff, go ahead. Hi, cheese. This is Jeff. A very quick comment, the security mechanisms are very likely going to introduce no latency into the feedback mechanism. And it's since the security mechanisms almost inevitably slow things down. One of the things that Draft should talk about is what the latency requirements are for the feedback mechanism. this to actually accomplish the desired goal. Yeah, very good question. I think during the summit, people also... meeting people also mentioned this uh how much we want to uh who can take the security into consideration in the beginning of the work. I really want to balance this between the security analysis. security and also the effectiveness of the notification yeah this is something we may consider to revise. to revising the text to reflect this. So I think we'll have- reuse the definition of limited domain that SRV6 brought. six broad. And, you know, as long as you are there, no security. Pretty much. Yeah, thank you. There were some discussions about it during the photo During the for the charter, we were talking about the domains that. technology applies. So the charter will be updated to reflect that. Yeah. we already have some text about the to the domains uh under the single administrative control we meet. Let me start from that, okay. So, yeah, there was some... formalization of term limited domain during service ex-work in service it's work i think we can reuse it yeah yeah sure And to add to that, injured myself. InGen myself, we started working on data models, so probably sometime next week we'll publish. it will publish first revision of data model to kind of formalize all the discussions. Any other questions? Comments? No? Thank you, Jay. Thank you. Thank you. If you want to. y'all Jolly, who is? Are you here or online? Oh I guess that's what Go ahead, yeah. Okay. Thank you, chairs. Ladies and gentlemen, I am Roy Jung from Alibaba College. Today, I would like to present. oral draft on behavior of the other co-orders and this chapter is about the IP faster route for the AI. and machine learning fabrics. And this is the...