atm over atfas throughout and what happened when they start to kind of interact with each other. Very similar situation. Make sure the time the timing is right not to try to interact with hosts. with host-based notification, because this is how host-based how host changes planes and potentially use different GPUs. this is not really kind of open knowledge. you're on the i network you know this otherwise not so i'll So I'll try to guide you to the degree I can share with you, but practically. keep in mind there's very robust and developed machine. on the host, and network is just thinking between. It must not intervene in any way. way. hi a quick question so in the mother hopes So in Marty Hope scenario, how do you know how to send it? how did the sending no know uh which uh who are the receivers of notification, so in the Muddy Hope scenario. of course you want to mother cars right so yeah So, here we go. So yeah, that's a very good question. Thank you. I think part of it will have to be answered by whatever solution we came up, we come up with for the, for the network notification. in my opinion, we would need some kind of a subscription mechanism. a way for the nodes that are interested in those notifications to make themselves known to the sender so that they can receive them. But again, that's true. That's just my opinion on it, and it's a topic that is open for this. That's the working group chair. now uh i believe the answer would come from funtel or fun or FUN, whether the encapsulation of . of fast notifications layer 2, so one hopper definition, whether it's. IP UDP, which could potentially be multi-help or something in between. right? So we would expect this to come. from Funtel work. so we'll go to the next presentation. So just a reminder, we do have a very tight schedule. all the presenters, please try to stay in your LLKD. allocated time slot, including Q&A. if you are expecting questions. Thank you. OK. I will give a brief update of the fair in sound draft Try. Changes since the 01 version, the date of The addition of five courses, most of them are from GPU vendors. the addition of some considerations on. operations on memorismatic operations. Here I will clarify the motivation for this draft. As you know, it's net-based scale network. has becoming a dominant trend. Here are at least some credit examples. In Ethernet-scale networks, there are multiple plans. with GPU being multi-home to each plan. for the traffic using the SCAP networks. It has characteristics such as low choppy elephant flows and birth snakes. birthnates so the traditional stentic Static ECMP is not applicable. in such narrow depth routing have been widely recognized MacName to improve the load balance. a lot of balancing in multi-planned networks. Fair using BGP is a standard. is a standard-based adapter routing mechanism. which was originally designed for scale networks, but it's true. but it's forward to extend this protocol to the scale. code to the scout networks that means tpu could take change to exchange BP routings with top. uh switches and then perform Adapter Royalty. Here I give... a concrete example about one tier scale network. here each gpu is multi-home uh equipped with multiple high-speed parts. And at least one sub-part is connected to... to a given network plan. the reason for using multiple links between a given GPU part and