Yep. Good morning, everyone. This is Jidong from Huawei. I'm going to give an update on this. is the first network notification problem statement. on behalf of all the authors and contributors. So this is a quick recap of the background. for people who are not familiar with this information actually based on the motivation from the AI or machine learning training service, but also consider... considering the requirements from the other cloud-based services. the natural need to be more adaptive can be reacted faster. to the to make sure the service can be reliable congestion-free transferred within all within or among data centers. And we think. what we need is a good and timely and understanding of the network operational status, including the congestion situation or the failures to help improve the network utilization, reduce the service latency. and enable faster response to other critical events. So this document describes the problem statement of fast network notifications, and it is used as a support. document for the incubation of the new working group. on the fast network notification of college fun. the fan. So here are the updates since last presentation in IETF 1. We have received many comments and good suggestions. and incorporate them into the current version. would like to thank the people who have reviewed the draft and contributed to the text. Firstly, we here on this page release the changes before the adoption call. have a new co-author, Rashad, and the scope has been narrowed down to fast network notification according to the feedback on the idea 124 meeting The structure of the document has also been reorganized to improve the readability. and thanks to adrian for the help and the introductions section and also the section three have been enhanced. with the text about wide fast identification. is needed and what fast notification means. The description of the existing map has also been revised. be more accurate like a description related to and ECN. We also add one subsection about the possible actions it also clarifies that the action mechanisms themselves are out of the scope of this work. and the security considerations has also been enhanced. And we also received a lot of good comments during the adoption. call and the draft has been revised to address this comment. First, we have revised abstraction section. to address the comments on lossless I think this now it Now it's more accurate and we will further clarify. the scope is limited to fast network network. code network notification in explicitly in the draft, and And we also mentioned that fast notification applied to a range of natural scenarios and topologies. while the solutions for different cases may differ. We also have some text, I will also reduce the text. in the recipient's subsection to focus on the receivers as entities. The delivery mechanism for the fast and natural notification have been expected. to include the subscription-based approaches. there are also so many editorial changes to polish the text. And since this is. And since it's a working group document now, a GitHub report. A GitHub repository was created for collaborations. here is the link to the github repository for now all the comments issues have been addressed and the issues have been... issues having closed we welcome your review and further comments either in the mailing list or to the GitHub. Yeah, I would love to also mention the progress. of the FanTel or FanSite meeting during this week. The goal was to polish the charter text in a face-