a simple message format for notification. And for next step, we will add more. discrepancy and more procedure for how to notify the the past information so this is just the concession notification message format, and it will... contain the flags, flags now to define them. uh for now but in the future maybe uh can we can define some special flags and there's a priority for the priority identifier. Each priority Q can occupy the one bit and for the argument for the. uh for the consensual control parameter information uh like for the pause time for the default. parameter in the future we can define the forwarding rate. uh one we wanted to uh reduce uh and the target bandwidth indicates the target bandwidth information. for the expectation suppression and the slide side. and the Slice ID means the identifier for the Slice experience. Let's experience the contraction. So we want to think of more review. uh review and feedback from the working group that's all thank you Any comments, questions? all the discussion happening in the chat. Somewhere in the queue. Yixxuan Oh. Yuquan Wong from Tsinghua University, thank you for your presentation. and here's the question uh one of them motivation is that a single hand node may be responsible. for managing numerous SRV6 our v6 path and placing congestion control at the intermediate nodes can elevate the load on the hand node. However, have you considered a scenery where multiple downstream notes and congestion notification a notification back simultaneously and receive it at the same upstream node. could this lead to increased load or excessive congestion control on one of the upstream nodes. stream knows uh we will be focused on the sr focus on the SRA 6 plus and the. we that the consenting control notification uh notification just uh no notified uh one one hope by one hope and I don't understand why you say that the Mati multiple downstream nodes. Maybe repeat your question. I have a PPL question. This area only 4441 For one specific upstream node, there are only one downstream node. so you mean there is no possibility that multiple downstream nose send the congestion notification message to the upstream notes nose simultaneously every every dancing downstream node only send the notification to the app. to the upstream node directly. to itself. okay i understand thank you Thank you. Any other questions? Thank you. Thank you. So, given the focus and amount of work spent on the AIDC, I think we should be concerned. interim before Vienna. It's a lot of activity. a lot of changes, so we'll notify you accordingly. So for today's meeting, we have finished all the presentations on the agenda. ahead of time. so this we did have a small buffer so now we have the open Mac time. If you have any questions.