such as lean failures, multi-costal mechanisms, I suppose. to, but to... to support the faster failure detection and the recovery. and the force handling the mechanisms as both to confirm the impact of the failure to the smallest size of the failure. the size of the parts inside of the entire multi-colour the multicastored trees. For the dynamics, requirements, the multi-class should adapt. to the dynamics, multi-class memberships changes. in the microseconds in the scenario selects like the MOE token dispatchings and the multicastors. should enable the instance of wordings based on the real-time semi-class member sections with also needs of the needs of the predefined fixed groups and the changes over height should be low. And so next, as the next requirement is the sparseness collection. As we know, the MOEG models is as far as is sparse modules. For example, in the DeepSea V-series, there are nine extra pairs out of the two hundreds as a person totals because the tokens are activated activity is a small part of the activity in one time. So the smart class should be efficient for the spark. members identification and some. as the state's maintenance should be . large rights and effort to considering the ensuring the ultra-high performance requirements of the at the center networks, the multi-classes should be Simplicities with simple control plans and efficient data plans. And there's the gap analysis of the typical existing model. existing multi-concept mechanisms with the current master class requirements in the center's effort. And for interactivity, there are no native sports. this was the first efficient was the MP2P forwarding of the packet. all the packet aggregations and during the closed loop baths. the feedbacks and this is also that's, that's, that's like, That's my car to feel so to meet the losses requirements of the descent. of the data center networks and for the dynamics that require requirements and the BRC is a relatively good but so for the spartness requirements appears string stream, stream over high degrees of wording efficiency. efficiencies in sparse member scenarios and food. for and for these pasties the the mechanism should be optimized for the data centers. ultra high sub-performance so now so exist Now the existing multi-class techniques can satisfy all these with all the multi-class requirements and ID centers. as the new architectures, also Dipsy-Hassman choose current techniques, currency, native for adding for edit centers and we see back We seek the feedbacks and welcome to the discussions. Thank you for your attention. Tony, go ahead. I hope you can hear me. So I already wrote it. in the chat but so I like these envelopes the gap analysis, that's a very good graph. Beer has a solution. for the sparse stuff, but of course the size of the sparse. group matters. There is a draft, you can look up, it's called u-beer for uncompressed beer or something like that You'll be here. Thanks. thanks for your advice on the beers and maybe there's some sparse, sparse mechanism. the mechanisms and we should also to optimize for the ultra-highest requirements in the AI data center. at these centers. Any other questions? Okay, thank you for the presentation. Just a reminder for people in the room. please make sure you scan the qr code and sign into the meeting so get the right number of people count. Good morning.