to be faster than the AGP and to take care of delivering traffic in the meantime. So here And that local protection, it can be, it can be easy. It can be ECMP or it can be LFA and that's great when you have that. but we don't always have an MECMP or LFA available. then if we don't have ACMP or LFA, then we can use other mechanisms like remote LFA or KLFA, but those can create the help. kind of issues like we see in that example. So we have a leaf L1 that is sending traffic to L2. graphic to L2 via a spine S2, and there is a failure. from the spine to the leaf, to the destination leaf. and the spine S2 is enabling it still. enabling its TLFA path, it's sending the traffic on the post-convergence path. toward a destination that is via L1 and S1 and L2. That's normal. That's the post-insertions path from S2 perspective. But if we look at it from the perspective of L1, it's not very efficient because... we're sending traffic from L1 to S2 and back to L1. then back to L1, to S1, and finally to the destinations. That's what we are... calling the hairpin, and the kind of thing that we want to do. to avoid, in particular in those AI, in English AI. in this AI data center where latency and bandwidth are so critical. And another limitation that... that that we have with the current faster route as Roy mentioned earlier. is that there is no load on quality awareness to the FASP route reacts to complete failure, but if there is a dinged degradation, and the degradation on partial failure, then it doesn't react. to them. So let's take the example. It's similar to what we had before. here we are using link bundles, two times 10 gates that keep 10 gates, so that gives us a 20 gate link bundle. And we have a partial failure on one of the member links from ST. to L2. So instead of the 20 gigs, we only have 10 gigs available, but the leaf element The Leaf L1 doesn't know about that, so it keeps sending 20 gigs and then doing its regular... ECMT between S1 and S1. and NS2, but at S2, we only have 10 gigs available out there. 10 geeks available out of the 20 that L1 is sending, and that creates a confusion. Okay. so in order to solve that issue, we are proposing this new mechanism that we called Efficient Remote Protection. So let's start with the failure case, which is maybe easier. So here on the left side, we had the example that we used before with the helping product. helping problem. But if, if we had a mechanism for S2 to notify N1. that there is a failure from S2 to L2. then L1 could actually act. it and could have a backup path protection. for that remote failure. And that protection would end the traffic. to the spine S1 directly and then to A2. to L2 so that the traffic won't have to go to L2 and then back to L1. one. Of course, as I said, we need an notification of that failure. So that links back to the work on on FAN or FENTEL on fast failure notification. This would be a requirement for kind of selection. Before I go to the to the quality thing and the pension failure, I wanted to highlight something about this failure notification. We had some discussion on Monday during the side meeting. about who should receive the failure notification audit. or the network notification? Should it be limited to one hop? hub, should it go further than that? So here I wanted to highlight one interesting case. in a three-tier funded closed network. a funded close network like we can see in some AI data center. If we have a failure between them destination, well, the spine before the destination. leaf and that destination leaf, then actually we may need to go three hubs away to find a remote. protection, an efficient remote protection. The problem we have here is that from the low node that detects the failure, so SD1. we don't really have any efficient protection available.