Yeah, we expect to rely on the hardware. value detection, for example, the MPU to detect or the driver to detect any failure of. link in a very fast way. Well, for example, PFD. is implemented with a hardware assistance. Would that be something that you believe will be? suitable? No, because PFD is hardware-based to send or receive the problem. but it's still involved the CPU to handle the situation. if the Keep Alive packet lost, right? so you still rely on the cpu and cpu is the is the the source of the slow procession so we want to totally bypass the CPU, to make the NPU itself to… you itself to react to the failure. but how you can guarantee the guarantee detection of network link failure if there is nothing being transmitted on the link. Oh, okay. Okay, that, that's, uh, yeah, that, that. Yeah, that's another topic, I think, given the limited time, we can... discuss it in the alias. Let's take it back. Okay. I think it's local implementation detail and it's a very good topic, right? I think if you look at- I think it's interoperability- issue but yeah okay let's take it to the list yeah Yeah, I agree with you. So, in fact, Wu Chiang-Sung from Channel Mobile. and I think it's a very good presentation about one year ago, we printed another um solution uh very similar to your solution Maybe we can have some talk offline. Yeah. Sure. Thank you. Thank you. as a working group shared nothing, kind of, it's a great... pleasure to see all these technologies we've been working on for 20 years coming back home. It's full cycle. I started AP for our work 15-20 years ago. 15, 20 years ago, still coming back. So I really well. this work. It's interesting. Please clearly separate. data center network from one network. If you're looking at. what you call Scalic Roth, or should we call Scalic Roth? for us it's nothing else than regular one network all the technology we've been developing over the years from RCPT to TI-LFA. LFA are fully available. In regular topology, a situation of difference. you actually know the topology, regular kind of, so for. So focus on complete separation in problem statement and... and where you find solution for both. Sorry, I did decouple data center network from. one network okay yeah it makes sense yeah that yeah thank you thank you Okay, let's go to the next workshop. Hey, good morning. I hope you hear me well. I'm François Claude. I'm Foncel Klatt from Cisco, and I'm going to present the efficient Remote Prediction Draft on behalf of the core tools. course. So that is a is a fairly new draft. It was submitted a few weeks ago. it's the first presentation we're doing on it. And we welcome any feedback from the from the walking group. Okay, so that... So, that follows the previous presentation and in particular this efficient remote protection or the remote protection that is also quality aware, we'll see We'll see that more in details for these slides. So I wanted to highlight first two limitations that we have. with current IP fast remote technologies. in particular in AI data center, because of all these new requirements that the AI won't include in workload imposes. The first limitation is that this is local only protection. It's only the node that is local to the failure that is detecting the failure. takes action to protect the- traffic. Of course, the ILGP or the routing protocol or BGP, will eventually re-brow. route. But the point of fast route is to be