per plan, including... it's easy to scale up. the scale up the size of the super pod. For example, if you need to add more GPUs with a single layer of network. error of network, you can use less links between GPU. and the... switches will be a given plan. Also, you can add more. layer for example you add another top layer switches, so that's the reason why. multiple links is popular. to be used in this narrow. In this example, if there are no link down event happened then Then when performing cheap performing a lot of balancing by source GPU, it was sent the same. weight values for each ECMP route where each network play. in case one sublink of a given plane is broken the gcmp wrote where that broken, that arrow. error plan will be reduced by 50%. If the whole plane is broken than the ECMP route where that plan. the wait will be set to zero. The logic is very simple. It's . bandwidth capacity where WCMP and you can perform... per flow-based WSMP. based WCMP or per packet based ECMP. eCNP for flow based WSMP is useful for ordered packaging. ordered packet delivery mode and at least one RDMAQ. need to be established between I'll give them BGP pairs for at least one. That's the part. Of course, switches in this scenario need to perform per flow-based. flow based load balancing. For per packet For packet, WSMP. um a single qp is good enough for a given pair of GPU, and in this case, both GPU and the switches could perform. per packet based. WSMP, also called Packet Spring. When implementing memory semantic operation uh we could spot stream this part stream mode such as recording stormwater. ordering, strong ordering, and pass ordering. Since we provide a flexible selection... between per packet and per flow based a lot better. based load balancing. It's easy to achieve the three modes. requirements. Currently. a POC of 64. gpu super part it almost completed while the one cage GPU support is on the way. Any comments or suggestions? Just answering video. Two questions. One most. of the scale-up frameworks mentioned and vision, non-IP. envision non-ip encapsulation wouldn't that mean that we would need something like evp like EVPN to provide non-IP identifiers. You mean there are no IP traffic? The endpoints are GPU identifiers, they are not IP addresses. but some... GPU vendors can still support IP base. IP-based encapsulation. Absolutely. But again, if you are going through a list of frameworks, most of them envision compressed. Ethernet-alike headers. Not really Ethernet, but definitely layer 2. don't you think we would need something that can allow