is a popular modern architecture for LLM training. and inference, and it's replaced the traditional death models. to buy sparse models with a dynamic array. with dynamically activated experts and we Let's see a macro process of the MOE layer. after computed by the attention networks, A token is dispatched to multiple selected experts decided by getting them worse and each tokens may be rooted to different. experts and with the experts. As far as the parallelism in distributors, I'm training on... of the inference, the token dispatch process. special process and maybe implemented across different GPUs. different gpus connected by networks and the token dispatch can dispatch process follows the 0.2 MP, P2MP traffic. pattern, which is a typical multi-class use case. automatic user use case, and so on, and so on. Another case is for the LMD training, our dual C. Our use is a core collective communication parameters and the orduous process can be decomposed to the... reduce and the broadcast phase where the broadcast series exhibits P2MP travesty patterns, each which naturally match in the multi-class semantics. And so for the tester in the, tested inside data centers besides the model training. and the inference. There are also the task. and often such as the model distributions before the jobs start and see. checkpointing savings during the model trainings. and these traffic generators and storage networks. that works on the AIDCs and for some of the distributions. The institute distributes a model. the model parameters from the story notes to computing notes. many computing nodes, and for the chat point. The checkpoint saving is typically written to multiple storage targets. for the insure, to ensure the availability. wearability, so it's also some multi-class use. multi-color use cases and above and from the above multi-class use cases we can see that and this is This exhibits numerous PTMP traffic patterns and inside of you see many unicaster to implement. P2MP communications, the using networks, communication to upload data replication from the servers to the network devices to implement P2MP communication. has a many benefits such as for the processing and the latencies, multi-class can reduce the processing. overheads and the latencies of the source GPUs and the source and sodniks and then the cancer enhancer the scalability by reducing the source size over height. high and as for transmission and serve them with multi-class Multicast can eliminate the reductant transmission from the source. as it improves the receiver size throughput. put by reducing the bandwidth pressure as the source. And now, let's start. to some multi-class requirements at this center. for the worthwhile interactivities. As we know, P2MP forwarding and data replication is a fundamental function of somaticasms. some multi-classes for the multi-classes in the air data centers. is are supposed to support efficient multi-point, two-point mpd. MP2Ps of wording, articulars for feedbacks such as acknowledgement and congestion signals. to meet the ultra-high reliability. is a requirement of the air data center networks and to avoid the feedback storms with numerous receivers. the receivers the mp2p forwardings as opposed to coordinate with the MP2P packet aggregations. The next requirement is the as we just mentioned, the network in IDC is supposed to stay alone. to stay the losses and they're under the and under the normal conditions without networks and handwares. where's the handwares of failures, but when the now where some meet. miss network failures such as the link failure.