the consistent control based on the SRA 6 parts. This is the second presentation of this draft. and I will give a very quick view of the problem or the background in this. draft and the first is that the impresses the conception notification in one. So as we know the traditional relies on the internet multi-cast. So in the one we have more complex mesh topologies, so. So the multicast signal is not proper in this scenario. second challenge is that the long latency 6 path. As we know the end-to-end SRA path and SRV paths can span a larger geographical distance. maybe thousands of kilometers. So. So, it will introduce the significant unwell-dow latency. The third challenge is that the control overhead as the SFC had as the SF6 head node. As we know that a single head node maybe will establish Numerous SRA6 passes across the one. So it will, there is some centralized the bottleneck risk in the SRE6 head node. If we make the head. node to deal with the congestion control. So that's our SRA6. SOA 6, a congestion control proposal for the... a hope by hope solution. the head node in this fig P1, the P1 in The P1 encapsulates the seed list from the P1 and P2 and the P3. the P4. So each node will We will forward the traffic using the... local seed tables, verify the stress related inform. that inform. When the So congestion happens, for example, for the PS3. and it will detect the priority queue buffer. Q buffer overload, and it will send the concern. the construction notification message to the upstream node. in this figure, the P2 and it will. contain the priority queue, where the congestion... occurs and the congestion control parameter information. This information may be include the post-time and the target bandwidth and must be contained in the slice ID, OK. And what the receiving node, uh, like, uh, like the. PE2 will receive the notification. and it will reduce the forwarding. rate or just pause the traffic. for this slice and but maybe the congestion can not surprised in this node. it will detect that the local priority queue overload again. so it will send the notification to its upstream load node and this particular This procedure can happen, it can run hop by hop. until to the head node and for the head node, we can use the path rebalancing. or the alternative path selection for SRA6 it's and maybe it will notify the consenting control signal to the DCN. That's another story. so. So, update from the previous draft we have simplified the message format. because in previous draft previous chapter we have we put the SRIH in the package format, but maybe some in situation like the bonding seed, like the seed seed, it's difficult. to distinguish. which upstream node we will send the notification. message to So we just give a very...