We could send the traffic back, but that creates a hairpin. All we could send is to another leaf, and then back to another spine, and finally to the destination, but that's not really efficient either. So, there is no efficient local protection. If we go back one hour to the super spine level. Then here, we really don't, there is really nothing we can do. under the supaspine doesn't have any ECMP. it's only connected to one spine in each of, in the destination. So it can't really do anything. Then let's go back one more hop to the source spine, or the spine. in this one spot. And here, Here we're connected to two different supaspines. super spines but these two different super spines are themselves connected to the same. spine in the destination mode most of the time. So again, it doesn't help. And then in the end, the only way to efficiently protect against that failure is to go back all the way to the essence leaf. the source leaf, the LA1 in that example. That means three hops away. So that failure notification will need to travel through Hubs. three hubs. Okay, so then a note on the quality awareness. So if we go back to the example we had before about the quality. So here we have the same punctual failure. partial failure and the failure of a member link of that bundle between S2 and L2. that reduces the capacity to 10. gig. If we send a degrade quality notification, another type of network notification. from S2 to L1, then L1 can act on it and can act on it. and can adjust its load balancing so that it not longer sends 20 gigs to S2, but it only sends 10 gigs. Tengit. and then finally, I've been talking a lot about ECMP, the ECMP fast-proof route. and data center topology, but I just wanted to add that the kind of solution tried in the draft are in fact applicable to any topology. Now, I understand, Jeff, that there are The requirements in the AI data center and the requirements in the one are totally different. I'm not saying that this is a one-sided. a one size fits all, not at all. I'm just saying that here we have a generic solution but of course the primary focus for that. is the AI data center. And I think I am out of time. So that's good. I reached the final slide. So as I said before, this is the first presentation, it's a new draft. So. we welcome any any feedback. Any? Yeah. any comment, any contribution from the working group on that. on that point. Thank you. Uh, from China Mobile. So first of all, uh, thank you. very much for your presentation. I think we catch the same problem. and provide the similar solutions. I sent a message through the chat. and please see the draft I mentioned and maybe we can talk. more offline. Thank you. Yeah, of course. Thank you very much. Wicheng. Just consider NVIDIA's working group member couple of observations here actually address to all of the drafts previously presented. Please don't forget. there's an extremely robust slavability framework implemented. on the host there is uh how does the host know where to send traffic? It runs congestion control. that, as of today, is RTT-based pretty much everywhere. Masha River. So harping is absolutely detrimental to collective performance, if part of your... QP goes over longer paths, entire collective will... our collective will suffer really badly. So we really don't want to do bypasses. you to bypass in this network. Not to forget it's really a q-distant leaf spinet. distant leaves by network so you don't need bypass. Number two, usually we have hard props implemented from the host site that are. very fast. The normal period would be kind of one proper. per RTT. So think about five to ten microseconds. We must make sure the in-network faster route. doesn't interact in weird ways with on HostFasterRoute. Some of us remember ATM over...