The capacity is redacted. deducted by some partially link failure in a... In a bundle member link, for example, a bundle member link failure, but not instead. a whole bundle failure, fine. So, based on this analysis, we propose our framework with full enhancement to improve the performance. of the faster, uh, convergences in, uh, uh, a fabric for the machine learning and the AI. The first one is the hardware accelerated protection. activation, the third one, the second one is. Hardware Accelerated Network Notification. The third one is a mechanism to achieve the complete topology. visibility in BGP-based network. The last one is a quality aware. quality of wear art and the remote protection. We'll go through those four points one by one. One, hardware accelerated protection activation, this. is fundamentally is a matter of local implementation, right? It's leverage the extended MPU. the NPU capabilities to activate. evaluate the protection without the CPU involved. you involved so it will be very fast and uh we want to uh Say we hope this hardware accelerated. hardware-accelerated activation could handle both the local failure and the remote failure in the later. case, we rely on the second mechanism, which is. a hardware-based notification spread. or exchange it within the network. Yeah, that's the hardware-based network notification. the network notification. So we have a extensive discussion in the frontier context. contest, I will not repeat those discussions. And there are two very helpful or useful. draft for the statements problem. the problem statement and the some you know the standardization effort. in the IETF. And the third one is complete topology visibility. As you know, in IGP-based network, the link states brought in. link state protein protocol can exchange the link state information, right? Flattening those. information across all the whole network. and every node have the visibility of the topology. technology so that it can, you know, make the decision based on the top. to react to the to the failure for example, to build the, the, the, the, loop free alternative path, but in. a typical DC network for the... for the AI for the for the machine learning we use BGP BGP is a distance vector routing protocol. do not exchange the link state information so I will know the running BGP only aware of the topology. around itself not go beyond the next not go beyond its its neighbor So to resolve this problem, we propose. you have 30 seconds okay we propose to to you to use the BGP protocol to exchange the link state protocol. information so that all of the nodes can do that here. do the TIRFA. The last one is the quality aware remote protection and that idea is to let the notes to advertise the to notify the failure different type in more detailed information. So. so that the other node can react to the, to the. to the to the video yeah i think that's basically I have for this session. and we are looking forward any feedback from the community. it yeah thank you yes thank you So, am I mis... Am I missed? I heard you write that you said that you need. to achieve 100 microseconds switchover time. Yeah. Okay. So Okay, so what defect detection of... failure detection you envision to use.