I want my people to have fun, so we have fun with them. I think it's a great take on it. guys are actually everyone but here other than me is phenomenal and speaking Jared's great at Ross is great at it. I fucking hate speaking my wife. I mean Ross kids us kicked out of the MGM Grand. I don't realize it Fair enough, paralysis by analysis is some shit, but... Paralysis... sounds good. By analysis, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I've seen seen you do some speaking stuff and it's fucking pretty cool. Thank you. Well, I learned the key to it public speaking is three strong drinks not four not two three of them get out three three gauge that drink. Are we talking three to three fingers? Yeah well of course. Yeah, the pen which fingers. goes like this is a little... See, I refused to drink before... Before the national anthem because I'm terrified. I'm gonna forget the words. Oh yeah, it's bad for your voice and you shouldn't drinking. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah, yeah. Rob, if I can, I want to share a story with the audience. It was the first time I saw you. You're not going to remember me, obviously. but I'm in Columbus, Ohio for a Rolling Stones concert. Yes, I remember that. You were in the crowd, though. There were 70,000 people there, but I think I saw you. Yeah, I was front row. I was right there, and Kit Rock is opening up for the Rolling Stones. stops the show mid-set and he goes ladies and gentlemen, I want you to raise a fucking beer. Yeah beer to the man who killed Osama bin Laden and then you introduced him right on the outside. You come out on stage, people lost their fucking mind. He was quitting myself. I was just like, this is America. yeah yeah um yeah like that that the navy seal cologne and chicks is panty droppers. Yeah, he asked me because he's a buddy of mine. he asked me if he could play American Badass and they played the national anthem in the middle and said you want to come out and check it out I'll tell you what if you haven't been on stage for when the Stones are about to play. That's a lot of people to be looking at. Wow. Yeah. How crazy it was so nuts you point anywhere and then 7,000 hands go up thousand hands go up and you know it's like it's like mind control it's so cool but it's surreal It's like the first time you jump out of a plane. Like, it's not that big. You just kind of take it all in. Yeah, the interesting part about it, and I'm not saying this just because you're on the show is have Kid Rock, you have the Rolling Stones, and the crowd goes crazy. they went bananas for you. Like, I don't know if you stayed for the Stone Show or. you bounce up we know we did we stayed there we had some guys up there with some families When you came out on stage, I mean, it was crazy. It's good to hear. crazy. That was the loudest it was all night and I was just like holy shit that was that was neat that was it was neat. and when I went home like because my buddies were like dude How was the show it was like it was rad, but like the dude who killed Bin Laden came out like holy fucking shit. It was a man It was cool. Did you ever see yourself there? I mean no God no no it's crazy right because I think that uh you know being a fucking amazing quote that I love is there's difference between quiet professional and silent. professional. But I mean, I can't imagine in so many years that you served and then. doing such a public event in such a private culture that there's no way you could keep that under wraps. or whatever. There was no way. No, fuck no way. Well, it was my plan. well I mean you know there's never a perfect plan always changes my plan was to 30 years in the Navy, and as a Master Chief. Buds instructor in retiring California to smoke cigars on the beach. That's the plan and then we got called for the Bin Laden raid and even training for that, it's like, well, I'm not gonna get the shot but we joke with each other about who is like he's gonna get on a fucking being the got him Ali and then my buddy with the saws gonna take him down That's what's gonna happen Yeah, the BP the BP position guys going to be like, God, you're like the fucking He's like, you're the fucking junior guy? You're the guy, yeah, yeah, exactly. Damn it! Because you know every senior guy is like, I'm... first in door bitches. But when we got that, when we got done with that mission. I mean, even guys in the helicopter knew what happened as we're flying back. and we landed the mechanics from TF 160 and knew what happened They're all pointing at me. It's like, God forbid, you get back to Virginia Beach in 16 hours. and everyone in the goddamn city knows, it's like, this is just- But you, did you go that- quick back to yeah, we yeah, we got back, you know the 90-minute flight out J-BAD, then we put them on a C-130, flew up to Bagram. and we laid out all the all the SSC stuff so you know who was where what was in the house laying on the got the body there they're doing the and then we got the news on and they're talking it already then the president comes out and then we actually tried to find we wanted to find the Navy Seabees, because if anyone's going to have a ... oven and a bunch of brown liquor, it's going to be them. CBs. CBs know how to roll. he's not uh... so uh... we have a with their shower dot on out we can leave hung out. We got on the internet and it's all over the news. SEAL team six just killed Bin Laden. Then we got in a plane. and flew. And so, you know, 15, 16 hours back by, I mean, there were people. waiting for us when we got there like everyone knew what happened everyone know because every everyone both coasts because you got SEAL teams in Virginia Beach and then Coronado every single seal gets asked who got them and he'd say well don't tell anybody and then that friend tells the bartender on the McPee's Rover at the Ready Room in Virginia Beach. I fucking shot me like that! That, by the way, is the most act- That is the most accurate video I've seen of that whole mission. That's kind of ask you. That's how I brought it. That's how I brought it.