John Lennon jerking off together recently. Not recently. but that's the story that came out, and it's like, yeah, with the white album, I don't give a fuck. Exactly. I don't care if they drink up. I don't care if they jerked off. You're making music like that, jerked off to get up. Yeah, they were jerking off in bed together. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, I read that story and I was like, well, it wasn't a gay thing, I was like, well, that kind of thing. Yeah. Like certain people can't make that so she's maybe they jerked off in bed and they're like we should write this song kaboom Yeah. And that's your favorite song. So like, so what you're saying is we I don't know what exactly strawberry feels. Exactly, Strawberry Fields means, but I love the song. Wait, what happens when Ranger and Seal... and seal, seam, and mix, and we can just put that in something. I feel like that would be, that's how the, dinosaurs were riding themselves. The what? The jokes are writing themselves on me. There's so many branches I want to fuck with. know, they fucking hate. We should all jerk off together. Oh, why aren't we? Oh my god, yeah, you will not believe what happened No, no, I have not what about so presidential wise do they always ask you to stump for presidents when that comes around election season and all that stuff? They asked me for quite a bit of that stuff, too. And as far as presidents go, I mean... it's do you stay out of politics no I I'm not gonna ever I'm not going to ever run, but I do try to get as many veterans as I can. I help them out. I'm chairman of a super PAC that helps vets get in. because it doesn't matter which side of the aisle you're on a vet will get in the room with someone to try solve the problem, which is not what's the case in Washington like and like, either side was party first, country second, which is crap. So, you know. a lot of stuff with John James up in Michigan. He's running against Debbie Stabenow. She's a. but now he's a West Point grad ranger Apache pilot. yeah, 400 combat mission now. He's a business owner. That's it. That's the kind of guy we want the Trump family up there a couple weeks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah more veterans is good as far as the political thing. I just think is the problem solvers. Yeah you see you see you stay out of like hey, I'm for so-and-so, right? So right sometimes, but I will I will campaign. I don't know when this is gonna air to the mid This is going to air to the midterms might be over, but I'm actually right before Yeah, I'm totally something for John James. I want my guy Montana I got Montana to win to beat John Tester. I want I'm at Rosendale a couple others that I helping out just with my veterans are all veterans and you're from Montana. I am I'm from Butte, Montana Really? Any thought of ever living back there? Yeah. I think I might have met you out there. I might eventually move back to God's country, isn't it? It's gorgeous. Do you hunt? I do I grew up hunting elk we should go kill stuff Last totally I got some good spots as good hookups sure has some James. Yeah, we're gonna have some James it was actually funny to one of my horrible jokes that I probably shouldn't tell was people asked me what's the difference between hunting Al-Qaeda and hunting an elk? And I'm like, I've never shot an elk in its sleeve. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I- I love that joke and the weird thing is and I never talk about killing people in the episode, but fuck it. Let's do it I feel some form of remorse shooting a deer right? I like avatar that bitch every time where I'm like, thank you so much my family. I'm like super into it. People never. fucking once. I'm like, I just, the second one gets fucking, hollow point. fucking hall-appointed and their head splatters across that stupid fucking mudf- mud-fucking-hut, I'm like, next one, let's go. And that's all. Yeah. I actually respect animals people when you're in that environment, so get fucked. We had the first kill I ever saw, I didn't even get it. one of my guys did in CQB in the house, but in his... first kill too. So we, we were, this is our first time in combat. And, but we had a. Brit with us from the SBS named Andy and Andy Andy had And he had he had a and that's a good action. He had a death cloud that followed him. The invasion of Iraq, in Afghanistan, everywhere he went, he got in big... fights. He's seen this shit. He's been some bad stuff Anyway, my friend shot this from the first shot this the first Al-Qaeda guy we ran into in this house and he's kind of sitting there sort of stunned. he's like and he go check that guy and he calmly walks over this white light just goes he's fuckmate. He's fucked, mate. He's got nine butts in his space. No, that's his best. Do you wish you could ever go back at any point? No, I am good. You ever have dreams about that? at all? I do. I don't need to go back. there is no feeling better. adrenaline-wise than getting to a house and we're gonna to go in and we're going to hunt people. That's like the coolest adrenaline, we're doing some shit here. I'm serious. I'm serious. I think that's where the calm before the storm comes. It is, yeah. You have more significant experience than me, but I think I've over... I think I have like over 400 something direct action. So like I participate in that a decent amount and it's always like. mountain. It's always like, you know, that, that offset and fill walking up to the door. and you set point or appear where you want to call it it's like okay we're going to go loud or white light or NVGs in this thing. It's just like that heart. starts to go like this, but it's such a calculated. It's almost like It almost slows you down. It's it's a drug. It's like nicotine or caffeine. It's always you're gonna be fucking better like let's get this and then and then the chaos ensues