in this version were we we do a request update now to notif- with a forward equals zero flag to notify the subscribe that we're no longer forwarding this track so instead of seeing silence and inferring that the track was deselected. we're sending an explicit control message signal that were deselected. the track if the track becomes reselected again because select it again because it delivers a higher metric again then it'll go up to that request update forward equals one flow upon reselection and it's back in the selected state if it sat in a long time indeed deselected state and the relay wants to clean up excess old as old subscriptions, then the relay will publish done. that track and it'll go back up to the unknown state. of course no objects can be forwarded when it's unknown if that track becomes reselected again, because it delivers a new object that's in the top end. it has to go through the newly selected flow and deliver a new publish again. Um, some other, uh, Some other nuances of this are you're allowed to... subscribe to a name that... that is also in that namespace. So if you do a subscribe. to a namespace, then you later also subscribe to a name. that namespace, that overlapping subscription is actually allowed. because you're we call it pinning that one track regardless of whether or not it's in the top end, you're interested in it. This is a very common use case. For example, in video conferencing you see the top four loudest speakers, but then you want to see. one particular speaker, you know, the room that has 20. It has 20 people in or something. So you pin that room and then you don't care if it's the loudest or not always want it pinned. So you're directly subscribing to that one track. and that's supported. the track filter will never evict that track once you pin it, because it's a permanent subscription. You can also update the parameter for the subscription. For the subscribe namespace you can change aspects of the track filter when you change those you'll have to be reevaluated, and then you'll get new. you could potentially get new public... publishes for the newly active top end tracks you could get forward equals zero request updates for the ones that got... deselected. And there's also a track property filter. and that will filter the publish message itself. So if you apply a track property filter, you won't even get the published message. you want to be notified of those publishers. So for example, if you had something Kodak as one of your track properties. You could say I'm more interested. you can see i'm more interested in in cinders with an av1 codec so then that track property filter will block all of the other codecs from publishing to you. Some other changes, you know, wire encoding efficiency with Delta. encoded everything. The property filter was, made to look more like the other filters by having multiple of those per property type. so that it can you reuse the same parser that all the other range filters used. We've clarified a lot of the interactions between subgroups. gaps and fetch gaps, what that means when you have filters. place. Added a lot more details to track filter selection. and diagrams and how the reselection process works. We added a section I'll mention in a minute about relay protection. to avoid DOS attacks. And like you said, in the red on the previous slide, we explicitly signal every time we- select, reselect or deselect the track by doing a request update 40. it equals zero one. So there were some issues brought up about um asymmetric attacks because the uh the The design of both subscribe namespace and specifically the track filter and some other features like forward equals zero. those features are inherently asymmetric, meaning that a subscriber can ask in a very simple one control message, something that triggers a lot of work for the relay that consumes a lot of bandwidth and a lot of compute So there's a worry that that may be a vector for some asymmetric attacks. the relays. So we added some. guidance about how relays can help protect their... their resources when they see a potential for something like that. this is not going to mitigate everything because these these filters and things like forward equals zero and subscribe namespace itself are inherently asymmetric.