like, do we need the recursive feature? of subscribed namespace in this case, meaning when I subscribed top end, can I limit it? just to the particular prefix rather than that prefix on everything below it in the tree and also can we limit to a single property per? We'll limit. Will limiting to a single property per prefix meet all the units? cases yes so on those last points out there's in that section uh talking about all the things that the relay can do to protect itself, you could respond with the... namespace too large, if you have... your recursion problem if you don't want the bigger namespace you can just say this namespace is too large you have to subscribe to the leaf name state don't think it's good to force that in the spec that nobody can ever do that but it gives them realize the freedom to do that if they think namespace is really too large yeah it's not you don't always know how big the, like, I don't know, like I found you in the tree, but I don't understand. But I don't know how to say how many children you have in the tree or how many tracks are in each of those places so So, I mean, I sort of, I mean, the more we can scope this down. the less the relay has to do so but you say you can only subscribe one namespace and it's not recursive and there's only one property per and it like printed like that makes the relay implementation that much simpler so i don't have to track those different dimensions of this. Would you impose that same limitation? on subscribe namespace itself, regardless of filters? I don't know. The question is, I'm asking, does it meet the use case? like if and i kind of think that for subscribed namespace i'm not sure I think that we need them recursion there anyway Anyway, I'm not sure. I don't know. What do we need to do to meet these? cases is the question with minimal. that we need to do yeah i mean i don't have a strong opinion I tend to lean towards let's not restrict things if we don't to, and give the relays the tools to restrict things if it wants to. and not ban applications from doing something if it's, you know, semantically meaningful um we're not using an application today in our experience. that, you know, that... go four deep into a namespace and then wildcard the top level. But, you know, I don't know if another application may want to do something like that i would sort of rather go the other way which is we scope the minimum thing and that way we don't have interoperability problems. It's very clear what you can expect from the relay. And then, If somebody later is like, no, I desperately need this for this use case won't work. until I do it, then we extend it later. I mean, you know, namespace and name construction is up to the app and, you know, it can work around anything, you know, it can flatten into one name They can flat It can flatten the namespace hierarchy into one big namespace with, you know. with underscore separated tuples if it wanted to. and put them all in one tuple. So apps can work around it even if we put that restriction. they really want to. That's true. I want to say mostly just thanks for on the issues. It's actually been helpful to have separate issues because. there is a fair amount to discuss here. And also, I think it feels like on some of the more meek meaningful progress. I have not read the most recent. version of the PR is so recent, but I will hopefully today. the flight back. But as you can see with the number of .. there's still, I mean, I think maybe we don't have to solve all of them. before we land something in the end but i think probably a good chunk of them to at least be like clarified um before you need to solve it anyway but thanks for making good progress and engaging kind of on each one individually it's been helpful. Hi, thanks Mo, just Thanks, Mo. Just to refer to Alan's point, I think it's like most of the applications, at least, I'm just wondering. I'm just trying from our implementation experience, we were able to implement TrackFilter. uh track filter for the active speaker switching use case and and we had an implementation before was an application-driven metadata track and react to someone. um whenever someone becomes an active speaker or not versus uh the experience that measured with Relay doing the active speaker switching. and and with our initial experiments it does show that uh the the end user experience is way better than what could happen in the other in the alternate approach, but having said that, I can't But I can kind of tend to agree with Alan that if we can start with not having recursion for filtering, maybe that would give a way for implementations to kind of build this functionality and help do that. and help uh do the intro um and and also i totally agree with one of the open issues that we had was what would happen if um uh if