if the edge relay where they have multiple publishers how how would you restrict getting all the data with 4 would equal to 1 for everyone? and having a way for that actually to say that conflicting or, you know, just too large is a good condition for... for it and handle um and i if i i went through all the issues that have and kind of see that we have provided resolutions and uh and really, I'd like to see how can we go further. Thanks for the work on this one. ahead. actually i think my questions were asked i didn't get the answer uh one is that when you said when the de-selection happens there's a publish done I didn't understand like who is doing the publish done let me clarify when the deselect happens uh you notify that there's a request update for it equals zero. So you notify there's. subscriber that it's not going to get objects anymore. You don't have to publish done. um because you want to keep the track alias alive uh if you run out of resources, you run too much subscription state, then the Relay is free to publish done to clean up that state but typically it would hang on to it for little bit so that the track may get reselected exactly because if you do the publish done and new audio starts coming in with like actual voice levels. would you know about it? Right, well, when you publish done, you- stop forwarding too. When you deselect, you stop forwarding. then then it cannot be selected again once you do that no so this is on the egress of the relay is what stops and stops falling. He still has to ingress. everything. Yes, you don't turn off your ingress because you have to receive the... objects to inspect them you can upstream the filter to avoid inspect them but if you're the edge relay you have to ingress all of those publishers to inspect their objects before you can decide. whether or not you're going to egress it towards people okay and then the suha's question about to ask question about um like why is it invalid to for two subscribers to have the same filter, sorry. the same overlapping filters and like you would error out from the real in that case i think that seems like a valid case it's uh it is valid the problem is when the filter with a when a relay receives those two and it wants to propagate it upstream, it can... It cannot propagate that upstream because that's a violation of our rules. now. So it has two choices. It could use the broadest filter. then filter locally when it gets the responses. see which ones go to this one which ones go to that one but if the if the relay thinks that's going to be too much work for it, it's free to reject the subscriptions and say. these are conflicting filters app you're in the same namespace you better be the same app and you're not playing by the rules that I expect. I'll ask more questions offline. Thank you. And real quick. for Mingui's presentation about the Alibaba experiments. one thing you can go back into the previous. presentations on this to understand all the use cases for the track filter of them is feedback aggregation so if you had many subs had many subscribers, you could aggregate all of the feedback. tracks from those subscribers back to a single publisher. with a single signal from a large pool of subscriber feedback so that's okay thank you Well, nice work that we'll hand the balance of the time to. Alan to talk about open issues with the transport draft. okay we'll go ahead and roll next slide can give you slide control, I would prefer that. Oh. Oh, really? I like bossing you around. Do I have slide control? if you're logged in as you yes i'm not logged in as me room. I'm at the room. All right, let's take a look. here um does the room exist in the participant file is featured last minute. Ah, yes. Oh, yes, it is. Look at that. You've got slides control. now i see the buttons we don't see them okay um Okay, we're trying to start off with a softball, but we'll see where we face plant. Okay. so now we have track properties and they go everywhere the track but we realized that they are not there's nowhere to put them in the response track status, but they probably should be there. should we just add a properties field to request? even though this is like the only message that would use it. and all the other uses of request. Okay. We're just never fill in properties. Does anybody have a, I'm going to do it unless somebody like gets up and says we shouldn't. it that way. Suhas? Yeah, let's do it. okay do you want to get the cue in or you're just