So the proposal here is that we want run Qmux as in the layer. as that's over which smoke is running and qmux kind of provides a multiplex multiplexing layer and it sits between your mock application and your tcptl stack um the the The main thing here is that QMUX is kind of a polyfill which provides a notion for bidirectional streams for control messages. unidirectional streams in mock, for example, for data delivery, and a kind of transport parameters to configure your connection which you the other way you would in QUIC and also flow control through some parameters like max data frames. The key insight here is that the applications that coded against. quick APS work unchanged. This would be critical. so that we have one code base that can work in UDP. friendly and quick friendly environment as well as not so friendly environment. I'll just go skip on this one. thing I like to say on this slide that even you know there are good benefits of running more core quick but we also need to kind of understand that there are some trade-offs as well which is head-of-line blocking. The nice thing about Qwik is that you have parallelism with streams uh that will go away uh again they Again, we have been doing a lot of work within the Mock Working Group. reduce the amount of RTTs that we need to do, but. if you go to the QMux, it will increase the RTTs. It might add additional two RTTs compared to how we would set up using uh just uh or quick and We lose some of the good features of quick like connection migration and those things. We need to keep that in mind. the idea here is that you'll have probably. it'll end up not being able to send anything versus uh with some penalty you're able to have the mock application work is what the goal what's the goal here And if we do mock or quick QMux, how we basically take the There's an easy mapping. We have the request streams, which we use the bidirection. streams in QMux and we have unidirectional streams for data which is what we use for sending us data streams and for all the requests. and for all the control stream data, which is for setup messages, it would be a number zero and anything you want to do with the flow control and other things, we have these parameters that talks about how do you want power connection. level, max amount of data that you can send and per screen. per stream level, you have maximum stream data parameter and also to do the flow control. the number of streams you have a max stream parameters so basically what you're saying is that this quite a bit of direct one-on-one mapping between how we want to use mock over normal quick versus QMux, so there's not much. kind of, you know, an application is to change to support QMACs and underneath. Having said how QMX works and why it might be helpful, challenge comes here is that like when you want to use mock or qmux or mock and run or quick or it can run or web transport and it can have different mock versions and we can have different QMux versions. What is, how, how does the client and server identify each other? and sort of identify each other when they're running currently the draft specifies uh straight a straightforward simple idea which is like we don't care at the mock application we just use the mock lpn like mock 16 or mock 17 that i didn't 17 that identifies a draft version. The client basically sends the client hello message with this LPN and if the server is fine, they if the qmux based server basically they do establish a transport parameters. That's how you know that there's a QQ. there's the QMux being set. And once the QMux session setup works, you end up setting, uh, um, like a mock session. ready. Here, the thing is that yes. the you need to kind of establish a tcp or tls connection to see if on the other side is qmux or not and we can we need to kind of figure out kind of happy high balls things we you would want to do to not reduce your connection set up latency. Something like should we do both your UDP as well. your TCP in parallel, and once something gets connected, wait for a while. and wait for a while before you totally give up on the attempt on that. up on that and on other other ones but so those are some of the things kind of we need to think about and provide recommendations for someone who would want to use more core QMux. Let me skip this slide. But there is an alternative proposal here, which is basically inspired. but the problem with the previous ALPN proposal is that it does not let you negotiate anything over the QMACS. It assumes, somehow, the Qmux works magically if the server and clients are on different versions.