Yes This is the Locke Media Forum. media format, overhead container. The changes in version 02, there are some editorials. large editorial, but there was peppered everywhere. extensions or change to properties to line with mock T and variants were replaced with the new VI-64 variant. Oh, this is the old version. This is not the one that you uploaded. There's a lot. in data tracker. I approve slides. It doesn't show up. Sorry. um okay i'll try to remember the changes all right so uh the um The major substantive change was moving the metadata location. And we had an agreement to move most of the metadata into the mock. payload so that it's opaque to the relays. However, on the next slide, we'll discuss that in a little bit more detail. there's actually a split now between two sets of properties, public and private. that lives in the payload, one that lives in the mock header. We had... We added a time scale property. It was called time base before. but we need a time scale to align with some other APIs. is to give the scale of the timestamps. We removed the capture semantics from timestamps because you can use it for presentation or else. Retained start codes and we had a lot of information. secure objects integration and the security considerations. Okay. so the big change was moving metadata. uh from the uh mock header extensions into the mock payload, so this is the old version. the mock header extensions map directly to the locator extensions and the mod payload mapped directly to the log payload so it was a nice, clean, simple, uh, mapping and both of the payloads were. exact bytes that you get out of the encoded audio video chunks from web from WebCodex, we move to an O2. too, there are still some public local public properties that are a subset of the MOC. the mock header properties, but the majority of them are. expected to be in the lock private properties. which now live in the mock payload and the low payload follows its private properties. So now you have the... mock payload not being the exact well. exact encoded audio video chunk anymore, but it's both private. properties and the payload. um so there's some discussion on that uh if people want to look at the issue There's a little bit more detail in there about why that split was necessary and which specific... property as we think can be private or public. By the time scale. is uh very straightforward it's a new property that just that just provides the denominator of the timestamp. so 48,000 for audio, typically 90,000. a video. If you don't specify it, we default back to. the original interpretation, which is microseconds. It could be on the track or individual objects can override it. The open issue is the major Colin already addressed yesterday, the track proper. uh the track properties that can't be authenticated or encrypted there needs to be a solution to that probably in secure objects and then Locke will just follow that solution. Um, there's some editorial things about, uh, registry collisions. We'll clean that up. luke brought up a question about lock outside of mock I thought we agreed that that was out of scope but If anybody has a different view or opinion, please chime in on that issue. Again, Registry. editorial things web codex long lingering issue and finally from last night, we realized why people have grief when you encode. a variant with not minimal encoding. So that's what we were doing with the frame markings. extension and uh that caused some confusion so maybe maybe we'll revert that and just do explicit lengths and not Not try to overload the VI-64 and keep it minimal length all right that's it well done sir anyone in the queue All right, let's move right into...