design. It's not a side effect. It's not an attack factor. tax vector by design, they're intended for a subscriber to request something simple, and the relay does a lot of work to give it back. that that complex thing. So we can't mitigate all of the asymmetry, but we're giving... relays some guidance about when they can detect. that something is overloading their resources and how they can escape out of it. So first of all, the relays should propagate all of these filters. upstream should aggregate all what it sees from the subscribers to that namespace and it should propagate a single filter upstream to its. it's uh it's really a network um that way it doesn't have to do the work of pulling the tracks in and doing the logic and giving it back out push it all the way back up to this There's. also cases where if you can't propagate upstream because everybody's directly connected to you if you have a edge relay that actually a thousand publishers directly connected to it and all those publishers are in the same namespace, then that relay may impose some limits. so that it says, you know what, too many publishers. on this namespace the namespace is too large so it can error out that subscription. There's also... a new conflicting filters error so that if... all of the filters that are being requested by different subscribers end up causing too many. conflicts and making the relay do too much work to aggregate and propagate them upstream, it can reject them with conflicting filters. error. There's also a prefix overlap existing error. and that was originally intended for a single subscriber trying to overlap on its own subscribe namespace. space and two subscribed namespaces overlapping each other from a single subscriber. didn't make any sense right but now with multiple subscribers the relay trying to aggregate them up it does make sense because now you could have two different subscribers that are playing by the rules. i want abc you know track namespace abc and the other one wants track namespace a B when that relay receives those two requests and tries to propagate it upstream, suddenly it's in violation. of this namespace overlap problem so we can and so we can reject those as a set of prefix overlaps even though that individual subscriber didn't overlap his own prefix, but in aggregate all the subscribers did um so we're putting in some guidance to relays about how they can protect against these cases. It's not bulletproof, and like I mentioned, it's present. that's there's inherent asymmetry in in these uh in these uh these capabilities by design. So, really, it's a lot. So relays will have to exercise caution when using them. This is the list of all of the issues. And if you go to the PR in 1518, there is a. link in the bottom comment of the PR to the GitHub repo that's tracked. all of these issues it's actually tracking the fork uh where this pr is being authored um so we believe we've addressed all of these issues, but we'd like to... hear from each of the submitters before we close off. those out. All right, we have seven minutes for questions. and comments. Alan? Thank you very much. Okay, thanks, Mo. I did see a bunch of updates. pushed to the PR this morning, but I have not a chance to read them. So, I will be doing so soon and provide feedback because I know I've filed a bunch of those issues. so i did have one a few questions that were related know which you didn't mention your presentation one of them is whether like right now it sort of talks about this like deselected state And we remove the max number, which I think is good, like good either like if you're going to do a cue let the relay determine what that number is rather than letting it be different subscriber. But I also know that some people have implemented this using a timer instead, which is like. If you get deselected, you just sort of, I don't, I'm going to send you a publish done, but I'm. to do it on a delay and if you get reselected before the delay I cancel it so So one question is, is that now the recommendation? or is there no text on it so i'll just ask my questions come back to it um You mentioned the production. well actually yeah you mentioned property filters that prevent the publish and that maybe wasn't in the previous version, so that was new, I haven't seen that before. self exclusions or something that came up when i When I subscribe Namespace, I really probably don't ever want my own track, but I think we can handle that. mock T because it's the same. It's not filter related. And then. the last one in security was around limiting recursive.