been banned if it's not going to become a problem and then I went to implement it, it was a problem. implemented it, what's the problem, and then I ask people if they're going to implement it or. they're just going to ignore and not error in that case. And I. heard some people saying that they might ignore and not shut down the connection, which is a strong indication for me that the seven byte warranting is not going to happen. Uh, and originally I saw it was fine because there were no compelling. reasons and now this isn't like it might not be 100% compelling, but it's less like I expect it to be in practice. do not expect us to ever using... the seven-byte extension point in practice. like uh like those are two i agree that both of those are relatively uncompelling, but this one is more compelling for me. because it's an actual implementation issue. Victor, do you have a perspective on non-minimal encodings? I think it's another. error case. And if we're trying to get rid of it, I think we should keep. So one thing I want to important is that I really do not want to be in a situation where I have an implement. which rejects our byte warrants and then there are implementations out there that do not because it means people will test against their interop against those and then they will show. baggy clients and that they will attempt to interrupt with me and i will have to incur friction from that. So that was my like worst case scenario. And that's why I feel like we should either decide that everyone enforces. those or like we just don't. Alan, I'm getting a little, I'm hearing comments in the that you are harder to understand than people like Victor. So I don't know if there's any sort of. you can do there to sound a little clearer in Tokyo that you figured out. regarding placement of the mic etc if you can do it though please it thank you uh okay uh i will maybe try to speak more slowly it also might be possible to mute. somebody to be possible to mute this mic i'm not sure um i was just gonna say that i i I'd like to get a decision on the non-minimal encoding, if we can at least get that done now. And I think as an individual, I think I'm biased towards not erring. it's not airing out in those cases, but I just want to call up with a group that like, there are currently nine different. to represent zero so like maybe we like that maybe don't um but yeah it'd be good to get it moved because there's currently pr open that was going to change it so you i think always sometimes had to I wrote a PR that said you must use minimal and must error otherwise, but then. the more I thought about the more I wasn't really sure that that actually was a good idea i don't know i'm same uh okay let's maybe let's separate these things. Um, is there. are we can we i only heard people speak from to allowing non-minimal encodings does anybody want to speak for requiring minimal encodings. Christian. Well, actually, my argument is different. We are using... the new variant in places where we use the quick variant before. The quick variant do not have any requirement of minimal encoding, if If we make that requirement, we are going to change a bunch of code. flows and get everybody in trouble. So I would rather not that okay yeah that is what i was trying to express on this slide that I think Cullen was trying to speak on the other side of. but I agree with you. I'm willing to fold my original position, just to be quick. Okay. Suhas. Yeah, I... I don't have a strong opinion on this one other than I saw two presentations this week that kind of like both lock and also secure objects that. showed concerns with having not not having minimal encoding support. I just want to make sure that we need to somehow settle. settle this I give recommendations for those who drafts and what's and how to address those issues along with what what do we do with transport. Okay. but you personally don't have an opinion on either way. You just want an answer. for the two issues which I see is real issues. and somehow we need to kind of find an answer. I'm okay with it. Okay, Martin Duke? Yeah, I would just like to comment as an individual that these two questions are kind of related because they kind of come to the same point. is, do we want to have tripartite state in our warranting? variant encoder or not with our particular implementation would be great if we did not have