to decrypt it, right? I think that what we're authorizing here is not for the, not the con of the track, which can't really be controlled. it can be copied. So I think what we're authorizing here is actually access to the relay, to the relay network. we're we're authorizing access to the subscription message so the client can connect to a mock server. then what can it do once it's connected and we want to And we wanna constrain what it can subscribe to. So certain tracks will have requirements. that you must pass a token that gives you permission to even request it to subscribe to it. The content's not encrypted. but we're just controlling access to it from the client so i want to understand what it is that we're controlling access to and why it's It sounds like maybe the answer is that we're controlling access to the resources required to redistribute that track and... And that there's, we need to know who to, basically who to build. for that if there is one relay with serving multiple customers. right? We're gonna take this offline. Okay, okay. Benjamin messaged me. The use case here is basically CDNs and content. distribution where you have you have a large edge and you don't want to have uncontrolled access to that CDN edge. You want to hand tokens to people. have permission to come and request the asset from the distribution network. so conventionally take it offline take it offline ciao briefly please Oh, I saw the video. you need tried i did and uh seems uh SIMS tracks the first-class citizens in the same... this uh msf uh and uh And a question is, uh, are there any principles for us? to decide when to add new tracks. MSF, the CMSF. I just want to understand the question when do we add new track to the catalog or to To what? Yeah, to the catalogue. It's up to the publisher. normally it depends on your use case if you're a live sports event you will start producing audio and video for one camera and you may change the tracks that you produce until the end. However, maybe midway through the sports... event, you have an overhead camera and you want to, that's now available. You can update the catalogue to describe the availability of the new tracks. So the catalog only gets updated when track availability or attribute. change. And there's no requirement to. update it if nothing's changed. I think I meant when we decide to add new tracks, like for the init. you need uh i mean we don't need track yeah Yeah, I think we added a video you need track. this time, right? Others appear for that and And how can we decide whether or not to add a new? track or to leverage the existing track for transferring. For inner segments? Yeah. yeah yeah so you would first of all decide how you want to communicate you in net segments We have three proposed ways to do it in the catalog as Base64. as an init track or as an object property, so you decide which one you want to use and then you the next question is how often is that and it's going to change if it's static for the life the stream, which is most media, then you would only define it once, whether it's in a track or in a track. property or in the catalogue, but if it's going to change midway. through the track then you can't put it as base 60. well you could put it as base 64 in the catalogue and just update the catalogue So all three mechanisms have the ability for mid track mid-track initialization changes and it's you have the freedom to choose which one is more convenient for you. Oh, I see. So, okay. i see so okay no i'm sorry we're out of time we have to take this offline thank you thanks will Thanks, Will. Okay. There's been a productive thing in the Zulip. about privacy. So you should take a look at that. mingway go ahead uh mark Martin, can you hear me? Yes, sir. can you share my sliders? You did not submit slides, did you? Oh yes, you did. Sorry. There you go. yeah there you go okay yeah thanks uh hi everyone