it might just fail to kind of alleviate that problem. elevate the problem, one, we have two alternate proposals here. These are not in the draft, but this. came over discussion with a few folks around um the first proposal is kind of how web transport you kind of. upgrade itself to from H3. three ALPN to the next level saying these are the available protocols that I've like to use and say, which more question you use. Why don't we kind of bring this. design to the QMux negotiation as well? So what this basically says is that at the TLS layer, if you're running mock or QM. At the TLS layer you say I support QMux version. and in the next available protocols in the QX parameter. you say, oh, I support Mach 16 and something. That's so you can. know that uh you're supporting um qmux one and mox and mocks 16 or something the same way you're doing it over web transport you start with a TLS layer, your QMux, and at the next available protocols, it will be history. from H3, the next WT available protocols will say what more questionnaire you see. what more question you're using this kind of is inspired by the web transport design Rohan, I have one more slide and I'll get back to you. that's okay. And the- um and uh on the other hand that the other way to solve the same alpn problem is that The ALPN problem is that you can define one ALPN at the TLS that kind of has come. uh has combination of the mock version and the qmux qmux version this this kind of provides you a way to say my TLS, layer to kind of clearly identify what a mock and tier tier uh more question qmx version that you support but it can have a version explosion, especially when we are in the draft portions. Maybe if once we are standardized. might not be a problem, but you still have this problem of version. of ocean explosion here, and I can skip this one. okay the question to the group is that uh what does people think about to work on this draft and invite people to help make this happen? we have seen some early deployments they're usually the challenge with early deployments is that the private deployments they can go do it and when idf proposes something it becomes really hard uh to kind of change so we need to go we kind of need to do something so that we can give recommendations to the implementers who are doing more code. doing more QMux to kind of say how do we support this application. yeah open for questions please all right i had to lock the key because who else did not leave a lot of time for comments, so most of you are not going to make it. but Rohan, go ahead. Hi, I'm Rohan May. Okay, so apologies that I've not been super closely following. this, but so I'm an implementer. I want to be able to make sure that some mock traffic gets over, it's only going to be able to go over. port 4.4.3. Why would I want to use QMux in of web transport with HTTP2. Oh, web transport or HTTP 2.0. or http2 should be totally fine if if if that's uh i don't think so uh this So this would avoid if that's your deployment. But that also- requires you to have a street repeat to server on the other side. But if the QMux is the deployment you have on the server side, this will give you an actual way to. to that. Correct, thank you. Thanks, Suhas. So a couple of things. One, I think that there's probably going to be more talk about how to do QMX version negotiation. the quick session. So probably people should come there. I think I'm firmly on team. there's only a mock tlpn and it tells you what qmux version you're running rather than having multiple layers. Also, I think most of what's in this draft could probably be consolidated. into the mock t draft into a very short amount of text which just explains that we're going to use Mach 2, you can use Mach 2 over QMux and how you do that. clear the timing there since we don't know if QX is going to finish before we will, or if we want to reference it normatively, or if we would need to have a separate draft that says how to do that if the ordering goes mocked. ordering goes Mach-T, then QMux, then Mach-T over QMux. Perfect. Anyway. that sounds good. Thank you. Great. Thanks, Uhas. Many people were there. the queue and didn't get an opportunity. Please use Zulip or the list. or contacts who has directly the next stuff is is um is Mo, who's gonna talk about LOC. I'll try to catch us back up. um this should be relatively simple wait a minute sorry