since this was recorded, the numbers of podcasting... have gotten a little bit easier because of the IAB and the And they're kind of rolling out guidelines and people are attempting to follow them and being IAB compliant is a thing and so basically. they're hoping that with more rules in the space and with people. classify as a download and a listen to. and a listen, different things like that, it will make it easier for more advertisers to come into this. space and put more ad dollars into the space and I'll link information on that because you can go way deep into that. Um, in the episode notes, call your girlfriend was a part of the 20. podcast boom, which saw an easier path for some. Um, for some of those podcasts for listeners during that time because of cereal. and other things being released in a lot of people learning about podcasting. Here's another clip by Call Your Girlfriend. talking about how much money they make. from ads and what they feel you could take from it. How much do podcast sponsorships pay? I don't know, it depends. I understand there's a wide range how much does it cost to produce per episode? Well, you just heard 8 to 15 hours. eight to fifteen hours of Gina's time so obviously we're not being paid. We're not paying her. her, like an hourly rate that she truly deserves. Yeah, Gina, you should really redo your contracts but the answer in terms of production costs is really like the production cost at this point now that we've invested equipment is our time, correct? Yeah. Sometimes we rent a studio. the Huma Abadine interview that we did, you know, we rented a studio for... that we found a professional to record with whom on-site. while on site. The campaign took a photograph for us. We had that. Um, we paid for transcription. I mean, there's some stuff for special special episodes, I believe, shelled out a little more money just to make sure that it really pops for you guys. want to answer how much Chewbacca sponsorships pay? Why? Well, I mean, I guess it just depends on the CPM. I think we even have like different CPM. like every week so don't take less than $20 or something like that. I think it depends like how big your audience... is or whatever. But, because I've seen kind of like on all. end voiceless like even per week like it fluctuates how much money we make just depending on what ads were sold. what the relationship of the advertiser is. Right. But like a. Right, but like essentially I mean correct me if I'm wrong, and maybe we don't want to say this on air, but like the, like we're talking like, you know. four fingers to get onto our show minimum, right? Like it's not like there's like a sponsorship for a couple hundred bucks. Oh, yeah, definitely Oh yeah, no, definitely, definitely, and no one else. one off so right one thing I wanted to talk about on Instagram a couple of weeks ago I did a poll asking people who have co-hosts do you have something written up saying who owns what if money came into the picture. And you know, so things wouldn't go sour. things we can go sour quickly and the results were horrible I want to say it was like 80% 20% of people saying that they didn't have anything written of like you know when money comes in or if an advertiser wants to come in. and pay us $2,000. Is it $1,000 and $1,000 or? dollars or is it maybe $1,300 and then $700? 700 you know does the person that's doing editing get paid more or have more of a say in the space? Like there's a lot of questions. I don't think. people really consider and you know, you could already pre-discuss that. I mean, don't we all listen to therapy for black girls? You can already have that settled out. when those things come up, you're not all in the moment and emotional about trying to make those business decisions. We've all seen. the documentaries and the singing groups and rapping groups that split up because money. I mean, even new edition, like how old are they now? and they're still having issues with trademarks and creating new names and things like a mess like if you haven't seen that that's something to kind of read upon because that still surprised me. I would have thought they would have figured out some of their issues by now. was a thing with podcasts. that happened about trademarks and, you know, agree. and contracts and what needed to happen about that and And I'll talk about it a little bit. Have you heard of Shoutout Podcast Network? It's based out of London. They had the first black podcast festival. in London in 2017 in August. The friend zone attended. They were one of the bigger podcasts. I want to say the brilliant idiots win also. And also, after the festival, it seemed like that's where things changed. Shadow London was really a network to be. I would say like it reminded me of the beginning of Ellison with goodbye. and with good buzz and good shows. And so, you know, that just takes, you know, a spark and. you know the consistency to keep going and it was becoming known as a