hashtag to speak about the podcast and I think that really works because you don't have to at anyone if you want to talk about the podcast. you just write your tweet and then you put the hashtag in and then everyone see it. So I think, you know, I listened to a lot of different podcasts. and I often see people speaking about the podcast but I can't find those conversations because they're written at the handle instead of or instead of having a hashtag that everyone can go in and everyone is used to going to. and tweeting about because if you introduce a hashtag like half through, people are used to adding you so they'll just continue to do it. and so no one has ever been able to add any receipts handle because we don't have and that was Phoebe as I said and that was another clip of Black Ticulate and she used to be a co-host of the receipts. podcast. She has since left the show. Hashtags are great because they give fans a place to connect on social media and that can be any social media platform without the podcast necessarily needing to have an account. on that service also on instagram now hashtags or something Hash tags are something people can follow Also, if you're on Instagram now has Now hashtags are something people can follow and if people use them in their own Instagram story. It creates an Instagram story under that hashtag. that anyone following the hashtag sees. So another good way to spread. information about your podcast. If you can get people to follow a hashtag or use in their stories so that other people are able to click on it and see what's going on. with that hashtag, leading people back to you. You can also Google hashtags and tweets come up. and Instagram I believe is like usually the third or fourth links if that hashtag is being on Instagram for you to check out what people are doing with that hashtag. Instagram. So that's Twitter and Instagram that are right away as somebody says. let me Google to figure out what this hashtag is about, that will lead people back to your content. if you're using a hashtag and making sure that it leads back to your content. personally don't want to follow every podcast host even though I'll love their podcast is just not always for me the content they talk about all the time. So a podcast hashtags kind of give me a. connection to the host because my favorite host do Do, of course, scroll, read, and respond under their podcast hat. So I don't necessarily need to follow them and they don't need to follow me for us. to talk about their podcast. And how cool is that? I love it. You know, with the receipts podcast with insecurity with TV Q&J T with Q and J. You can search these podcast hashtags. You can see other people talking about it. talk to them and respond to them because they're having fun with the content and all. and also the podcast hosts will interact with you under the tag and mention so that you can find other people. So it's just a whole circle of things that kind of keeps you involved. the podcast 24 seven. And you know, you can find people talking about the podcast. That's one of a big thing for me. There's a new podcast called Don't at me with Justin Simeon. I think I said his name correctly. because of how the show is, it's don't and they use an at. it's not able to have a hashtag so I haven't been able to find anybody else listening to the show. I'm sure people do. But to me, part of the podcast listening experience is to be able to find other comments about the show and be able to find. people that I might be able to talk to or tweet about and say, do you listen to this? when I can't find that, it's really hard for me to get into a new show. So one thing you'll notice about popular shows and shows that grow big. pretty quickly as you'll see a lot of chatter about them on different social media networks and it's not always a podcast. It's the listeners connecting is connecting and just talking about the podcast. And to me, that is a big thing. We're making sure that listeners can talk about a podcast and find each other talking about podcasts. cast. Here's a clip from call your girlfriend giving information about ad sales. And this starts with Gina talking. and then you hear Ann and then you hear Amina tell. My recollection is that from the first one, around the time. we left the first network we had in the range of 50,000. weekly listeners, which is for people. who are like I want to start a podcast and make money it's like I feel like that is I understand it now, kind of like the minimum threshold for getting. someone interested in selling ads on your behalf. Maybe it's a little bit less. than that. Yeah, we know podcasts who are smaller than like way smaller. than that that's how it adds but I think that like in general that's a good thing they haven't They have institutional affiliations. Yeah, that's fair Well, no, I think I'm really yeah, so we've been going for at least a year think, when we had these conversations and had about 50,000 listeners an episode roughly or so we thought like the numbers are all this is the thing about podcast numbers where Amina is totally right is that they're all kind of a scam and one really knows how many people are listening to anything with any degree of service. Yeah, it's super it's super nefarious and you know, it's like it really is since the