he said I said hey I'm Robin he goes hey I'm Wade and I said he said I said, where are you from, Wade? And he goes, I'm from Texas. I said, where are you from? I said, I'm from Montana. And he goes, where are you from? I'm from Montana. And he goes, Montana, what part of Texas is that? Wow, you're like, uh... That's good, that's good. The one that's not there. Definitely the one that's very... You're on the very top part of it. Now you're in New York City. in new york city that seems weird right it's good though because new york is um i'm in i'm i'm in there less than half the year but i'm up there a lot And what I like about New York is the anonymity. There's 9 million people that don't notice each other. can walk outside in new york nothing exactly nothing i mean well they went into people all the time there. But, I mean, it's nice. You go into a pub. the bartender notices, and he's going to buy drinks. That's just the way it is. I've tried to. be the big dick and do bottle service at some of those clubs, and someone notices and picks up a tweet. notices it picks up a $2,500 tab just shit like that and even the local pub near my wife and I go in there quite a bit and I have never paid for a drink there. It's like three years that when we're in New York, we go there. And she went. there one time without me but she had her bridal party and she goes so Rob turns out if you're not with me they do charge they do make you pay I just dropped 350 bucks and I thought I was hot shit. that's hilarious yeah that's the thing about celebrity and like when people get divorced, like with women, not that my wife watches those shows. on VH1 But she watches those shows on VH1 They always say the same thing When you're not with the guy anymore it doesn't matter anymore no yeah and you're invisible and it doesn't matter if you're you're dating the most successful banker there is or whatever if he's not famous or isn't the guy in his field, nobody really gives a shit. don't want to think about it in a celebrity sense. I just want to think about it in the sense of just murdering back. people, and how many bad people can you put in a ditch? That is- actually a, that is, it's a lot of, you know, what's weird too, and Matt and you and I were talking. this before. When you're in the bubble, when you're in the community, and everyone else... is doing it it's normal this is normal so it almost turns into a competition well shit he killed Thank you. last night i we're gonna kill absolutely who's got the count and then you've then he then you get on the civilian you make a gun joke I've actually probably never told this very fucking story is fucking hilarious though there's helmet cam footage which I could never show there were people casing us from a whatever i have my my my nbg laser on him as he's running because they were trying to fucking ambush us these assholes and i'm screaming at my not screaming quietly assertively delegating my opinion to my fucking party. and i'm like if they run that way third squad's gonna fucking kill them and we're not going to get the kill list dude and they're running because we're keeping score man mean the little bird came in and smoke showed him oh yeah i was like that's early I was like thoroughly pissed off that it wasn't me pulling the trigger as if it was some competition of. it is me versus you of who the bad guy no no the dod should have a running website that shows everybody's kill counts. It's like a video game for bad. people it would be amazing if somebody give it also gives something to aspire to. That Rob O'Neal, man, he got 50,000 points for that Bin Laden kill. i mean i killed way more assholes on the lower level but he's got the big one and fuck they were you know it's funny too though is like and i there's people out there saying certain numbers i still don't know how to confirm a kill no i don't know there's no one there's no special operations unit it is near fucking impossible to define kill. right because it's like in a building pop shots ranger squad like yes how do you define that who got the kill or even a dude that pops out you maybe the first round and then like your whole fucking fallen team runs at him and shoot and then you're following him like who defines that kill I stopped carrying a pistol because, you know, obviously the training was your primary goes down, go to your secondary. realized by the time I go to my secondary, my three buddies already ate. yeah i'm good instead of a pistol the extra weight i'm carrying a cleaning rod my gun went down. Let me just clean this real quick. Hey, you guys have some fun over there. Bye, man. No, my... My buddy used to tell the army like before before going out like oh you got to bring a confirmer. Like, what's that? He's like, it's the officer that confirms all the kills. No, fuck him. I don't need another... ops driver. No, but he would make guys, young guys, go search, like, asking for the confirmer hey hey anybody know what we were even we were even We had to change a bunch of SOPs because they had that Hutts card, right? you mark down the people whatever i'm like i need to so i need to carry a card as now did i just murder someone in that room yes i did yeah Yes, I did. I kind of remember that shit. I got it. I got it. Well, there may or may not be... a severe case of something in my book that might be why it's. months possibly possibly allegedly that uh s is seeing an individual on a target that was a very bad guy and i took alternative methods yes providing dna it turns out it turns out a mercy kill is not a mercy kill. we won't share the story because the book's not out but after that it makes it we will tell that story i don't want to ruin the surprise i will the story no matter what once the book comes out. I'm going to go, fuck, if it's not in print, it's... it's it's it's it's got to come fiction it's got to come the book will come out i'm just saying i'll tell a story of whether or not they send