know that that offset infill walking up to the door Yeah, yeah. And you get to the set point. And you get to the set point, or up here, whatever you want to call it. Yeah, yeah. And it's like, okay. we're going to go loud or white light or an NVGs in this thing. It's just like that heart. starts to go like this but it's such a calculated heart it is it almost like It almost slows you down. It's a drug. It's like nicotine or caffeine. It totally is. You're going to be fucking. you're gonna be fucking better like let's get this and then and then the chaos ensues and then the aftermath you're like golly this is like a fucking movie it's it's it's it's killer well we work with rangers every night and that was always some of the best nights we had was when we were in a house, but all of a sudden we hear the song. going off. It's like, all the Rangers are fucking getting it. This is going to turn into a good night. Fucking Ranger. private there's a guy with a gun all mine On mine, it's like, easy killer, he's dead, he's really fucking dead. I see metal. That's a goddamn wheelchair. Knock it off. You know how cocky you are like when you had your older brother with you and somebody was starting shit you and so you would just mouth off because you know you had your older brother with you. that's that's what it's like when i go at them because as soon as they're like in my ear yeah we got you It's like, let's stir some shit. Well, we got a smarter brother. smarter than brother that like maybe knows how to fight because they're playing engagements where like you know you get like a dude gets shot in the leg, and we pull him off target, and we're like, we could go get in a gunfight. or that's far easier. I want to go home and get... armed. We got in a fight in Ramadi one time, and we had these two Rangers. Where are you in Ramadi? the way? We were there 06 and 07. You did, by the way. Wait, really? Is this true before you tell the story that you were on over 400 missions? Yes. wow so we had these two rangers that were one carried the rounds, not the 84, but the... Carl Gustav. Yeah. And the guy carrying the goose was six, eight. Of course. And the guy carrying the rounds was about five of five. Yeah. And he got to the point. People don't believe. like drainage dishes and rivers in iraq yeah but we got to this point where this poor kid was carrying his ruck. He didn't, I don't think he had carried a gun. He just stopped. jumping. He just walked through everything and just fuck life. And life my life and like 30 missions into it we got into a spot where we could finally fire goose into the um into the damn building and so we give he's giving he to this kid and he's blasting it and give him another one him again and then okay we're good we can clear and the poor kid goes can we just fire one more It's like, yeah, fuck it, fire one more. So we fired one more. When we got in there, it looked like a from like halloween or something just really bad inside but we got back and as a leader, I told, we're given the debrief, I told the ranger, with the thing, I was like, well, why don't you debrief this so you can learn how to talk to the guys and just explain. happened on target and he goes all right so we made entry in the first three guys were carl goose three guys were Carl Gustav. I see what you did there. And that was funny. It's funny. that's funny that's hilarious it's like a Halloween scene I feel like that's the ranger school go-to is when they fucking throw a thousand rounds on you. the first engagement ranger school you're just like cyclic get rid of it he's like stop shooting your g-g-g-g. Fuck you bitch. I ain't walking 12 more miles through this fucking... getting rid of the weight and shit yeah that's right that jameson stuff yeah yeah give it a go I'm not sure what that is. Give it a go. No driving, obviously. No driving. We got Ubers. We're going from here to a sports bus. to watch a baseball game. I don't know if you remember, and tell me it was weekend. And tell me, because we can cut this, if not, if you're cool talking about it. But we've been doing this show for... years. I cursed out somebody for, you got pulled over. uh no i got woken up oh yeah yeah yeah but there's a backstory to this. Nobody ever wants to talk about... charges being dropped. They want to talk about arrested for DUI at first. Correct. have a, I'm from Butte, Montana. I went to high school with all of the officers. Thank you very much. I travel all the time. and so I have a system. I get to the hotel, pop an ambient. Pop an Ambien, brush my teeth, get in bed, always be in bed with the Ambien and turn the teeth. off so i popped the ambient forgot my toothbrush i'm like I can make it to the gas stations right over there drove there it's closed Drove to the next one. It's open. I walked in. I'm on film getting a Gatorade. not drinking, and a toothbrush. I get back in my car, and I'm like, my dad. shitty little nissan and uh i'm like okay this is it i gotta go to sleep I went to Ambien sleep in the front seat. No way. And so they pulled me out. they were knocking on the door, and I recognized these guys, and I'm still ambien up. And they said, well, we're gonna take you up. there. And I, you know, whatever, we did it. And I said, well, give me a breathalyzer. We'll be fine. They wouldn't or something that wouldn't. I'm like, fuck it, just mug shot. mugshot yeah and they did and so then it got dropped eventually but it's like yeah that happened i remember that story and my comment on the podcast was, again, years ago, was I said, who the fuck arrests the guy who kills Osama Bin Laden? I was so angry on the podcast. When we were doing it, I go, you don't arrest me! that guy. I went to high school with these guys. We get to free pass all through life. So we have two high schools. Butte, Montana, Butte Central and Butte High. and there's cops from both schools and one of my really good friends is from Butte High. I went to butte central and so uh i called him the next day i'm like hey i'm kind of Fox, what do you recommend? He goes, well, I recommend next time you get a DUI, get arrested by a guy from Butte High.