to that coming from a direct action community would be like, let's all sit at the table. and drink a glass of whiskey because everybody devoted their lives to get that. such fucking specialized fucking unit and participate in. no fucking like more threat situation so it's like maybe it's because I come from the community where we're the insurance policy. that it's more of the like if my teammate killed somebody i just Killed somebody. Yeah, man. You got him. You got him. But I've been in that position too, man. that position it would be a fight it'd be like yeah one of my team leaders man when i was over out there and meet there's We were out there and we got in a fucking ambush and we ended up shooting like fucking 11 people or whatever. And him and I. in an AR got after it I was like no I dumped that guy and he's like no i shot him and we like went back and forth and they're like he's And they were like, he's dead, guys. And I was like, oh, yeah. He didn't kill any of our guys. So we. one of us did the job right or we both did it i know on that uh on that mission too the bin Laden raid, we brought only SEALs. So we're like, we don't have our Air Force guys with us. if someone gets shot or we need to call cast we are like i know how to carry sledgehammer. That's about as tactical as I can. You just made Jared's life. Well, I know all the guys that were on the Phillips raid. they're they're yeah yeah on the phillips raid can you clear something up sure did Did he actually say, look at me, I'm the captain now? I don't know. that's a great that's a great but i've got a good one for you on this sat next to the plane on a plane next to a guy that had just gotten out of and he was the barber in the prison that that guy's at the the captain yeah yeah yeah yeah look at me he said like he is so salty and still to this day trying to fight. that he didn't get any money from the movie no way No way. Every time he cut his hair, that's all that motherfucker talked about. was how much he got screwed over to have no money from the movie or anything. already oh the actual pirate yeah the pirate yeah the pirate wanted money. They wanted money for the movie. Yeah, but that's not how it works. I know. Yeah. You're in life in prison. Yeah, exactly, man. And you're like, where's my. That's my likeness, bro. I want to check. Yeah, yeah. but it was just a fascinating story from that dude like he was like I was like, you were the prison bar. God, you probably got the best stories ever. He goes, I got. stories ever because i got the best of the best listen to this oh that's great One other thing, Rob, that I wanted to touch on. We can move on from the Bin Laden thing. like matt said we don't have to talk about this all all day is we obviously have a lot of military veterans on the show. there's a common theme that we've found in particular among this generation. that says the same thing why we always ask the same question why did you decide to get into the military? 99% of the time, it's 9-11. 9-11 was why we got into the military. And then you kill the guy who was responsible for 9-11. does that feel like winning the lottery or do you like well i i didn't i joined should they pray to you that's enough that's another uh thing too that that because we have the controversy of dumping the body in the ocean because the thing was they didn't want to make a shrine to bin Laden that they could worship, but they didn't get a real... but they didn't, you got to realize these are Wahhabis, that they're not allowed to worship anything but Allah. That's why you can't... depict Muhammad because it's a false idol. So they never would have done that. that's kind of funny. But no, no one prays to me, I hope. God, no. Yeah. god no yeah well hell express ticket for one yeah exactly if you have rob on snapchat please me your prayers uh for the next yeah but is it weird that you've become the guy who, I mean, because let's face it, even today in today's. world of bad guys there isn't there still isn't anybody as big as that. I can't remember, I mean, over time, Hitler? Yeah, but he could. himself. I know. The best I'm saying, like, you were the one guy who— Nobody ever got the one shot. I joined before 9-11. I joined in 19... did you go straight to the teams yeah I did I did I went to boot camp in January and I graduated buds by December 96. That sounds really cold. And uh uh well i went to buds in april so i had a summer hell week which is better it's still the pacific's cold all the time but summer hell week is better yeah yeah i'm you know you ever go up to santa barbara and party a little bit yeah born and raised that's outstanding I can tell backwards at you know bro vibe and getting an awesome YouTube video So, yeah, but then I was on my third deployment. 9-11 I was in Germany we just got done in Kosovo and we all we knew is everything just changed like we're no no more uh no more ucoms where we can go party in lithuania and hang out in norway it's like we're going it's done right We're going to the mountains and the desert, and that's about it from now on. Man. Imagine if you teleported yourself back freaking, how many years is that? I was in... 77 i was 15 years from bin laden's thing yeah yes 15 years back teleport back and be like, hey, in 15 years, you're going to kill that asshole. Yeah. yeah well it's we'd heard about him when we like the first deployment i did i just finished sniper school we went to albania because there's a big exercise and bin laden said well we have al-qaeda there we're going to try to hit this so we're