we don't put it on a track. We do it as a... hub-by-hub extension. And the second difference is that... that is the format, our format is we only stand positive. acknowledgements and we only send the time that between the expected receive time and the actual it actually receives time so uh uh i for a long while i was trying to, we've never submitted this as a draft, but, uh, But I do wonder if we can somehow figure out if what. we implemented is compatible with what's. in that draft and whether we can converge. Yeah, we can do more. connections after the meeting. Yeah, Victor, I think writing something down would be helpful. Alan? Yeah, thank you so much for presenting this brain work. bringing this work. I think it's great. I'd love to hear at some point like what you're when you say deployed at scale, like this may be for all I know the biggest deployment in the world, so we'd love to hear some of the numbers, but I'm curious if you can roll all the way back toward the beginning of your presentation, if you could just talk a little. bit more about the application use case scenarios that you had there, I'm particularly curious. about kind of the one you mentioned, which was like user to computer human. to computer AI, because that's another area that I think, you know, like mock could be a very good fit just explain kind of what a little bit more what the application is that you're using uh okay Okay, we observed some... some new video generation. they need the real-time uh in in display yeah so you have the latency is the key. and they, they need to the. higher FPS and the low. end-to-end latency, yeah. So, when... So when you have the... network condition, different, you need to know this. change, this change in the network condition. a condition uh quick quickly so uh we have to adjust the inference framework. parameters quickly between the in the one thing, one thing. one single request or between the different requests. uh request so uh so it can i think i'll get that part I was sort of asking like one higher level, like what is the, is the application like I, I'm like, I talk to my agent and I'm like, generate me some video. And so. it's it's like dynamically generating video on the fly and streaming it back is that to get back to me is that the use case oh yeah yeah yeah yeah just a lot Yeah, just the likes there. Thank you. We can talk to you. Thank you, Mingwei. Once again, a nice presentation and and. And good job writing it up in a draft. That is the right way to propose changes at this point. to the protocol. Okay, Suhas, you're up. Hi, everyone. Martin and not seeing my decade babies this lag Okay, I can see that one. Hi, I'll be talking about why we want to do Mock or QMux. QMux is a new draft or new work that Quick Working Group has. taken up. This presentation is basically trying to say why do you want to run Mock or when do you want to run MockRTC? run more core TCP, especially when Quick or UDP is unavailable. for whatever reason and we know Qmux is basically a multiplexing that provides quick like stream abstractions or TCP. or TLS. Next slide, please. You have slide control. Cool, cool. Thanks. The idea here is that Mock is designed to work with Quake, and which runs over UDP. But there are certain scenarios. where a udp or quick might not uh work like udp is like UDP is less quick is more blocked and UDP in general, but some of these. cases, like enterprise firewalls or mobile carrier restrictions, some middle-boggling some middle boxes can drop the UDP packets because they would not want to support it. that there can be some rate limiting scenarios in all these cases uh cases we might not have a mock or quick. just work um and without a tcp fallback mock applications simply won't work in these environments and this limits kind of. adoption and reach of mock based application, especially in the enterprise and some of the. examples I kind of talked about and we need a kind of way to support something that would allow this to happen.