There's like six clips I have to make. Give me a second. We're going to move right into the filters discussion. Let me make sure this is the update. because version one it's version one I don't have side control yet. I think give it. back to you. Go to the last slide. Let me see what it is. I'll tell you if it's right or wrong. Well, I gave you slide control, so. there's 13 slides. Okay, that's the right upload. There's nothing to be done anyway because... mute echo is not syncing okay yeah this is this is the right one um one okay so filters this is a new PR 15 1518 the old PR 1401 was much larger And the feedback was, let's try to reduce the scope and make it more manageable. merge. So we did. The major changes in bold there, removing the location. filters and the group filters so we already have filters in the current Mach-T, the subscription filters. we renamed them to subscription location filters and And, of course, the Ford flag is also... basically a filter. So we already have some versions of filters. This. adds the new range filters and the track filter. We also simplified some things by removing some of the parameters. MaxTrack's Deselected, and the equivalent. of it for the setup option and the parameter option. We improved the wire encoding, some Delta encoding. enthusiasts got a hold of it and we clarified a lot of the interaction. between other parts of the spec, like. how to manage subgroup closing and things like that. Okay, so setup options. uh we removed um one of them and the only thing that's left uh max filter ranges and that's changed to be a total across all ranges and all parameters. used to be for each individual filter type now it's across All right, now it's across all filters. MaxTrack selected is still the same. We removed deselected. the range filters The major change here was adding ANSETs. and sets. So the range filters again they were reduced only these four. We removed the group filter and the location filter. and we added this and set. this anset to all of these four. The anset allows you ANSET allows you to basically do and or combinations of all of these filters. before the design team didn't want the full complexity of indoor sets but then some other issues came up later where relays that aggregate. these subscriptions need to be able to express. and or sets even if a client doesn't have to express it the relay end up having to express that to avoid some DOS vectors. to avoid pulling in too many objects because then it can express the filter succinctly. And it's actually a really simple. change, not much text at all. You have this parameter anset, this value anset in every parameter. and uh for the same values of anset you and all of those in that same set and then you or all of those groups of handset. at the very end. So it's a very simple Alan, you have a question? Sorry, there's an AV lag here. to be clear, before these were single value parameters because there was never a need to express wouldn't have subgroup filter twice in the same block because... it was just an aura of everything. So having two of them didn't mean anything. But now you- now they're multi-valued so I have Every distinct, maybe you can explain. So the echo is horrible. Do you understand my question? Well, yeah, the echo is bad at the front here. um well it's already gone past the the scroll there he was asking him about can you repeat it quickly it was something about single like a single value versus multiple values. And if something changed the parameter now. multi valued, like you can have the same subgroup filter. parameter twice with different inset numbers. and set numbers yes yes you can have the same parameters before each prayer Yes, before each parameter, except the property filter used to allow it. to repeat. Now they all allow themselves to repeat with different answers. values. If you have the same anset value, then it'd be a protocol violation, but different values.