uses it in the two directions, upward. Upward, the application layer adjusts bitrate. just a bitrate resolution or some inference parameters. like a CFG or something else, trunk size. yes, on the downward... the CC algorithm gets extra signals like low stress. like loss rate and buffer level, and then do some adjustment. This forms a closed loop. Next slide. Okay, our new draft can work with the other extending draft like a quick receive time stamp. We hope... this draft can bridge the information. gap with the transport layer and the application. layer. Next slide. Okay, this is some summarize. To summarize, we shared. our MOQ production experience and experiment data at Alibaba. and we proposed MOQ multimodal feedback to add the application layer feedback. There are still some open questions listed in this slide. We look forward to your feedback and discussion. You can also contact us while via email and a Slack. Okay, thanks. Thanks. And thanks Marnie. Yeah. Yes. Thank you Minghui for. being on time. Good presentation. I do want to say as chair that with the way we're doing things these days if you're interested in this feature and think it should be in mock the best you can do is start contributing to their github on that or commenting on that draft and most importantly implementing it if we get interop on things off on things is more likely to make it the standard with that i'm going to close the queue quite soon so enter it if you want to be, and if people can be brief, that's great. Mo. This is interesting. I think a lot of us feel that there will be need for app level feedback. challenge though is in mock, it's inherently wanting to be fan out, large distribution. So in your test. have you tried many different subscribers giving feedback to a single sender, single publisher and or are you aggregating the feedback in any kind of way? Uh, no. No, no, we just the primary test on this. Based on this draft, we only use the single a single client and a single server, but we can... can we can supply more more scenarios of this draft, yeah, so. thanks. Jahed, so I kind of like asking the same question, perhaps the thing is like you. have a receiver side bandwidth estimator and I. and i i i'm expecting you have a center side bandwidth estimator as well And I have two questions. One is basically how do you, on the receiver side, how do you do the band? estimation and in the server side, center side. the center side, how do you like put all the. estimations together from different clients. And I'm like, what more? asking but how do you do receiver side estimator let's focus on that one if you go to the previous slide you have something called you are sending receiver side bandwidth estimation. One more perhaps. one more back, yeah. Estimated bandwidth receiver reports. estimated bandwidth. How you're calculating that? Oh. Okay, okay, we have integrating the quick... quick uh receiver time stamps uh this structure to uh to know the some transport. a layer information. Yeah, so we can. know the real time. real-time network condition and... then we have a policy to estimate the real time. and there are time bit rate yeah and decide the uh policy yeah so okay i would like to understand a bit more, but maybe I'll talk to you later. Thank you, Zahid. Victor? Yeah, you can talk to me later. yeah uh victor vasile of google uh we We, in our implementation, we have a feature which is similar to this, the key differences is that