our thoughts. We run some control. controlled experiments with video streaming to validate this. Both groups, you can see this slide too. you know the whole expression. pipeline. both both groups use moq but the only difference is whether you use feedback or not. Yes. Thanks to the NTRTC from the Ant Group for contributing this experience. experiment okay next slide uh we have a question from mo clarify Clarifying question. When you say feedback, do you mean end-to-end feedback from to end feedback from the original publisher all the way to the end of the subscriber or do you just mean hop by hop feed hot-by-hot feedback on one single quick connection. What kind of feedback do you mean? From the very source to the very... or just on one connection. From the source to the end, from source to the end. the way okay okay uh Next slide, next slide, yeah, thanks. Okay, this slide shows use our case of data on the different bandwidth. limits, the feedback group always shows a higher FB. and much lower store rates, you can see. the details on this slide to know our experience. next slide. Okay. There's... This experiment tests our feedback. draft in the packeting loss scenarios at the 50% pack loss, the max frame interval. drops from about three seconds to under one second. the worse the network, the more feedback helps. to improve, help improve performance. Okay, next slide. Another experiment we test is we, we, we try to. improve the performance of the AI. inference of audio generation. You can see this slide that you know the whole pipeline of this. experiment. In this case, the up upstream source is an ai inference like you can see VLLM and the MLQ server. Okay. in this experiment, the MOQ client sends delivery feedback to the MOQ server, which... which can sign the inference pipeline to switch different video generation quality. connection quality, like you can switch between the high quality media medium quality or the low quality levels. Then the information then the inference can output. a different video generation quality. Next slide. Okay, in this experiment, we have two... key findings. In good network, can you network condition feedback at zero overhead and but in the bad conditions, 80 milliseconds. delay plus 5% package loss feedback. gave us 33 higher FPS. and 33 fewer stores. Next slide. Yeah. So. Yeah, so we propose draft a MOQ multi-modal feedback. model, feedback, this draft. This K-Design is The key design is to add a new MOQ feedback track. to carry real-time feedback reports. it provides more information about per Per object, delivery, status, uh, uh, reserve timestamp data and optional metrics. like playback, buffer, header rooms, or hidden rooms or something else. It serves both the application and the CC algorithm. Next slide. Okay, you can see this is the whole loop of our feedback. feedback draft. This is, this is straightforward. You can see the receiver report object status, and the buffer. level while feedback track the sender.