you can see we have some defined test cases the output is tap form formatted. So there's kind of a standard. Um, put that a test client, uh, supports, um, and each of these. test cases is defined as... as um is defined as a specification that lives in the repository. So right now we just have a handful of specifications. for setup exchange. um, making an announcement, um, expecting to. receive a subscribe error if a track does not exist. et cetera, and we intend to grow this. list so as people come up with additional tests that they would like to perform, we can add more specifications. test clients can implement specifications. That way we have a diversity of implementation. implementing the same behavior so that we kind of have the spec be the guiding principle. and implementations of the specification. you know, yielding results in Interop. and they're up. Any questions? I have one, I know that we talked about maybe sitting on draft 16 for a while. uh i've heard some feedback that maybe we wanted to get all the very significant changes in 17 and 18 implemented sooner rather than later. I don't know how your thinking is involved on that or if anyone would like to approach the mic. state an opinion about how long we sit on 16, either as an implementer or not. yeah i would love to hear feedback on that. Alan, go ahead. Okay, maybe you can hear me now. Yes. Okay, now you can see me. There we go. here i am um yeah my my thought is we have so 17 is out Some people have implemented it. There's a lot there. especially if you're going to try to support both versions in one implementation because it's quite different. So, I mean, I know I've started. poking around at it in terms of when we roll to like actually ask everyone to move the interop target my thinking is we'll do that in 18. which I'm targeting in about four weeks before the June interim. So. like about two months from now and i kind of hope that like whatever remaining wire image shuffling that we're planning to do will finish. And so after 18, like, you know, people, if you look at the draft, drafts that are coming in that people want to merge into the core a lot of them are adding new parameters and adding new relay behaviors. but are not changing like sort of the core framing and stuff. So anyway, that's my thinking. we'll move that we'll move to 18 starting eight weeks from now. and skip 17 and except for people who aren't okay mike can you start a conversation on the list about this? But what I'm hearing is maybe. we target 18 for London, the London Interop. and didn't interrupt uh but again if you can you take the action item to get it get it discussion on the list going yep i will do that i see in the chat also victor expressing a preference for 17-18 sooner since supporting 16. and 17 is a lot of pain. We happen to be- so as you can see, we have two implementations here, mockRS and MockRS Draft 16, so we actually make a hard break each day. but I know that some implementations support multiple versions. at once and the changes between some of these drafts is. are significant to kind of carry both. both at once um i see plus one for 18 london 18 in London. I'll take it to the list and we'll get more input. Thank you, Mike. Already moving on. Next up is Minghui, who's going to talk about, I'm part of- Well, I'm part, pardon me. Will, just gonna talk about MSF and CMSF. Yes. Mike Tess. Mic test. Okay. Bring the slides up. Thank you. Good morning. Law Akamai. I'm going to cover a very brief and fast... update on our streaming formats MSF and. CMSF. So if you're one of the.