standards that are highly common in media, which is Scuddy 35. 30, 35 markers for ad insertion availability as well as embedded. captions 608 708 as well as external captions, right? IMSC1 and WebVTT. So the first thing we've done here is a proposal for transmission of Scud E35. data. So we have a track definition on the left-hand side and yellow that say, hey, I'm a Scotty 35 track. And the nice thing is with mock, we can decouple the transmission of this data. from the audio and video data we and we use the depend attribute to link this scutty 35 to the tracks that it's referencing. And on the right-hand side is a proposed payload. have an event timeline structure and this is sky and this is Scuddy 35 using the event timeline structure. think it's a very neat and easy to understand scheme and hopefully we can bring this to fruition this is part of 133 the next thing we're looking at is out-of-band captions, how do we transmit WebVTT? web VTT and IMSC1. Question is, do we still want both or can we just standardize on IMSC one on the right again. we've have a proposal for how we would map web vtt data VTT data to our event timeline payload construct. so well we're under five minutes I yeah yeah I'm leave time for discussion okay and then the last of this data is embedded captions, 608, 708. 708, you see in the track description on the right-hand side, we have an accessibility field. Within that we have a schema that says this is 608. and then we've got some value attributes for that schema this is extensible for other types of accessibility as well, because we do. to be compliant with accessibility requirements. for broadcast media. We've also have another PR 118 again. Thanks Again, thanks to Sue has this is for how do we communicate our. the requirement the for auth info we have two schemes that we support, Privacy Pass and Common Access Token. says token. And how can we tell the player, hey, you need to supply one of these tokens for this track. That's a very simple scheme. We have a key called auth info and inside that we have enumerated fields. and they can either be cat or privacy pass and then I'm using the variable substance to actually define the token that the player should use. when it subscribes to this track. I think this is a pretty simple scheme. please comment on 118. And that was the end. I'm actually three minutes early. Are there any questions? I can't see the online queue, but. Thank you. Benjamin. You're muted, Benjamin. Thank you Benjamin. Although it doesn't look like media echoes muting you. The echo is muting you, so I think it's a different audio issue. Why don't you go back? And why don't you go while Benjamin figures out his audio? Yeah. So my question is about . pop track or the log and the metrics. but I want to clarify the purpose of this track. is just for recording the logging information. or it's for the server-based APR because it's not it's not for for abr the idea here was that if I have a player that's having a problem, for example, I can. instruct the player to start sending me its logs because I want to. debug its performance. I don't envision most distribution. schemes want to get logs all the time from players. And maybe we have a scheme where the verbosity is adjusted. So the player only sends. error logs to a central collector so that you can monitor a fleet of players and know which ones are having errors that would be an example the logging but it's flexible and maybe we should define different types of log and and the conditions under which we might want to report data from the player. Okay. thank you. Benjamin, you want to try again? Hi hi uh okay so can we go to slide 14. Slide 14? Yeah. Whoop. So this... Well, so this. Well, so on slide 14, you were talking about authorization. Yeah. I. I. I. I find this a little puzzling. This is related to... a discussion that came up in the last session, but I think the. I don't really understand the idea of authorizing to receive track the track is it can be encrypted and if you want to authorize people receive it, you can just give them the keys or not to deco.