is allowed, except the property filter, it's a combination. of anset and property type that make it unique. and it's a violation if you repeat those two identically. Okay, some examples, the motivating... factor for most of these filters was be able to do keyframe scrubbing. You want objects. id zero there's a simple easy way to do that the bold numbers here are we actually care about. So object ID zero shows how to encode it with an object filter just put zero you want a video base layer that's subgroup id zero typically that's what uh lock specifies you just put a subgroup filter for zero if you want two enhancement layers and three there are two temporal layers then you put a subgroup filter on subgroup one for a count of. one and subgroup three ending at three and we dealt encode those, so those red numbers, slash them through. and minus the previous one, you get the Delta encoded version in black. The property uh the property type uh filter the key thing to show there is that we have to add the property type. before the values. And that also shows where no end you just omit the end the last example is if you want to do the or, you change right off. Change right after length is the anset. So you just put two different numbers for the answer and you'll end up with an or of those two things. So you may want. across temperature and humidity. temperature higher than 30 or humidity high. than 50 instead of ending them together you can also remove any of these filters just by having a length of zero. That's used in a request update. and the rangers can express all of these up. express all of these operations, you know, equal to less than or equal to exclusively. EXCLUSIVELY BETWEEN, INCLUSIVELY BETWEEN... Okay, then the track selection filter. um this was one that generated a lot of uh comments and thanks a lot to uh to Alan and Ian for raising a lot of really good points that helped us refine this. um this uh if you're familiar with sequel this is like the same as doing select top in, in SQL. So it's selecting the top end tracks. over an entire namespace and it's selecting them based on values of a property that you specify. So you specify. the property type and it will find the highest values. for that property type across all of the tracks in the names. You can combine this track filter with all of the other filters too uh so all the prior filters that we had and the subscription location filters and the forward flag. is the ultimate filter that disables all of these when you combine all those filters key thing is that the track filter always runs first in order to help with scalability. to explain why this was a change that was requested. to allow the relay to run a single track filter for all subscribers of that namespace. one time at the ingress of the relay instead of have a track filter per subscriber customized. to their needs. Question? Next question. Hello so uh i have a question about the track filter. So this is. for the end to end or hope to hope. for the end what What is for the end to end or hope to hold it like original. publisher and to the client or it's just a relay the relay, it's to the original post. you subscribe to a namespace only to your uh you know nearest relay your edge relay um but then that edge relay will go through its network and we actually. recommended in the latest PR. and PR that relays should aggregate and upstream. these requests, all of these filters, including the track. filter so that they all propagate back up to the eventual source, to the original publisher. And so across the entire relay chain, you end up with... with those filters propagated across all the relays okay so the original publisher can know all the properties and... can do the filter, right? Well, typically the original publisher all know it's own properties so it can it can self-filter uh the range filters and the location filter and all those other filters.