this blood request and avoid those attack. And next is whitelist mechanism for service instances. only collect a metrics from a whitelist instance. backlist instances enforce strict identified authentication. for new registrations and And the next component, security, is about CAS network. metric agent security, the CNMA security, is the CNMA can connect. can collect sensitive network data and it is it faces the following risks. So the first one is sniffing attack. Sensitive network data may be intercept intercepted, enable attackers to identify. us to identify weak nodes and the next is false metric in the inject injection. The vulnerabilities is reused. protocols may allow injection of fake metrics are destroying network perception. and uh the the the second the third one is protocol vulnerability exploitation. uh so the unpassed vulnerabilities in running protocols can be exploited to infiltrate the CAS network. The countermeasures are as follows. So the first one is a job security in hand. enhanced routing protocols, we can use security protocols. for secure metric collection and transmission prevent preventing the FACO metric injection. and next is employment data. This is. um, desensitization, um, this tribute on. core decision making metric to CPS. and Mark King sensitive was the following. and sophology details to avoid leakage. And next is regularly update NMA. firmware and protocols, we can match vulnerability. ITF RFC standards, and conduct quality secure scans and then the last one is encrypt transmission links we can use. the TRS 1.3 with. a mutual certification authentication between C&M. and CPS to prevent man-the-middle attack. The next one is a CT. The CTS can classify the serving. the service traffic and it faces the two potential risks so the first one is classification rule tampering, attackers may tamper with the you the euro able a table to discrepancy malicious traffic has legitimate service traffic bypassing checks to enter the CAS network and the next one is a fake classification result for forgery. without the authentication on the celebration link. attackers can forge results leading to incorrect. discarding or forwarding of legitimate traffic. So the counter mirrors are as follow. The first one is uh the first one is encrypt and incremental updates we can days, we can store rules in a yes to five. six encrypt form and implement in Corbo updates with multi-factor authentication to prevent unauthorized modification. And next is active standby CTC cross-validation. We can deploy... primary and backup ctc is on the ingress forwarder forwarder traffic only when both updates. and are consistent along single point hijacked areas. So the next is large. uh log log classification operations in real time and the last one is validation CS ID and see and CSCI ID legitimate mercy. so the last uh the last one uh the last component security i will introduce today is CAS for order security and the potential risks are as follow the first one is encryption key leakage and other stolen keys enabled. The key is enable description of lower lane traffic and theft of service requests. next is fake service instance forwarding the traffic is forwarded to unverified very unverified fake instances leading to hijacking and And the last one is flat traffic attack malicious request. consume bad news and computing resources.