wow yeah yeah it's interesting you say that and like and to get to peel that onion back too much but like the criticism on people coming out and telling stories of heroism has always kind of perplexed me I think that there are these stories that have to be told and these guys that have fucking spent decades in war and it's not a fucking easy job. There's a reason why like said, that thank you for your service thing earlier. Life, limb, fuck. everything. These are guys that are willing to go out there and run at... at not only a known threat, but like prominent death. Oh, yeah. you know, you're gonna fucking die and and and and I think that we often too often criticize our own for being a little public with that information as long as there's not TTPs and SOPs that's exactly right fuck with guy and in the continuation of the mission like why not tell the stories because you know, I know a lot of guys back in World War Two in Vietnam that they probably wish they could have fucking told the stories of heroism of their friends that were doing these epic things in the name of the fight that America voted for. this your point here and and this was a big complaint and almost an argument I got into days before I left active duty with leadership inside the air combat command because I I raised my hand when they come around and do the dog and pony show with someone from headquarters Air Force and they're like who has questions? I go when are we getting a moh recipient? and the answer from them is we don't do things for the medals. and I go, yeah, that's great, but we need people to be recognized. the things that they did so these young guys all in this room know who to strive to be and be like. Because when I came in in. 2003, that was right after the first wave of. Silver Stars and Air Force Cross has got a award to the guys on Robert's Ridge and Taka Gar, it's right. So me as a young guy, I was reading citations of guys. I was like just had this God complex for that was like these guys are fucking bad asses and we had this gap from like 2009 in our community. where we just weren't recognizing anybody for anything. It wasn't that we stopped doing anything It's just people's, you know, people in the higher ups and things like that. stop rewarding guys for things that they do because it's a jealousy thing. It's a fucking... A lot of jealousy. Yeah, it's a huge jealousy thing. It's all ego, right? And I mean, that's... I joined the army to be arranged as black Hawk down especially two unit guys that were you know fucking died and knew they were going to like, I was like, that's where I want to be. life I want to be one of those guys and I don't give a fuck if I die in my 20s because I want to someone that is like a legend and respected and you know life takes its course, but I think it's super inappropriate and unfair for. people to judge at that level especially when they've never put the fucking boots on and done the work it's my one little thing I want to interject in there is I fucking hate it. when I see our community eat our own. Oh man, that happens too. No, fuck. trust me, I know, I'm, you know, and all I do is make fucking dumb YouTube videos, you know? and you're like you eat me for fucking having a career like everybody just needs to chill out realize that like we're fucking a community and a family and we have to like be better together and the only way that happens is if we come together as one yeah I think telling the street like with my book. I got it approved through the DoD Pentagon, how long did it take? Was it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was like, mind you, mind you. My mind took like nine months. It was I think they wanted like this crazy That's crazy. Yeah, but I just as long as you're like you said you're not giving up TTPs or putting anyone in harm way. The story should be told and I'm happy with mine. Like I, I have a platform now. I can tell people I didn't have the most dangerous job in the military. It's the soldier. and the Marine and the airmen that are walking through minefields in the in a daytime in camp in a daytime in Kandahar. That's the dangerous job. And no one hears their stories. So there needs to be a platform. people out there doing and I'm pretty sure we're happy that George Washington brought biographer with him when he fought the Hessians in the Revolutionary War. I'm glad we know what happened at evil. I'm glad we know what happened on Normandy. The stories need to be told. like it or not and you know it's not like it's not like me personally I've never taken credit for Bin Laden. I'm just telling you what happened on the stairs. Sure. I'm telling you about the- I'm talking about the brave about the guy in front of me somebody else did though somebody else tried to take credit for that right? Yeah. Well, sort of. There was a book... No Easy Day, that was written. Correct. And it's, I, again. Again, everyone on that mission, they put their butts in the seat, risk their lives. They're all here. Fuck. Yeah, and and a colleague of mine wrote a book and I don't he was behind me I don't know it's it's a fog of war it's a lot fog awards, a lot of emotions, stuff like that. But as far as I know, he never said he... killed bin Laden. He said he shot bin Laden. Yeah. Yeah, he did I read the book, he said someone else got him first. and then two people came in afterwards while he was gasping for breath and they ended it, so they shot him afterwards in the book. Okay. and see I don't know what happened back when I saw bin Laden he was standing on his feet and I shot him three times right he was on his feet again. They're all heroes and the team did the mission. The pilot that crash-landed and... crash landed and saved everyone's lives in dash one. He's the hero. I'm a guy that went upstairs. I was scared, and I just knew the tactics, you know, what, you know, that's it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In my response.