Welcome back to another episode of Podcast in Color the Podcast. This is your host just pumping these last few episodes out. I can't say there'll be a schedule, I can say that the episode will mean something to me, I will be talking to somebody I want to talk to and there will be the number of episodes I wanted to last this podcast through December of this year. Podcast history was made the other day with Joe Biden's podcasts. They trended a few different terms on Twitter last Wednesday when the podcast dropped in. That was like from the morning drops throughout most of the day. I love the point that Crystal made on the read on like who even cares about the situation because the shade room posted about it when the girl was still pregnant and had her baby shower, so really hearing about it after the baby dropped was everyone playing a game of telephone and almost proof that like men gossip more than they want to say they do because that's what all this situation really is. The trends were big for that podcast and for Spotify because Spotify was the only platform that people could play it on, I believe it was for the first 48 hours and then it's uploaded on YouTube and you can watch on YouTube or listening on Spotify. So, pretty big to trend and be on one podcast service and for that service to be Spotify, that was kind of big for all of them. So I kind of wonder, are they getting the numbers they have before when they were on more platforms? You know, did this trending and things help people go over to Spotify to listen to Joe Biden not wait until YouTube. Lots of questions, I wish we could see podcast data on. I'll be in Atlanta for my live shows in November. Am planning a podcast meetup right now that will be with Dr Joy of Therapy for Black Girls. Right now, we're trying to make it on the evening of November the 14th and I will put out more information as I get it, most likely in the next episode, I'll confirm to you a few more details for that meetup if you're in Atlanta and want to join or if you're close to Atlanta and you want to come up and meet me or Dr Joy and other podcasting people. If you didn't hear about this, I post every other week, so I'll be doing it this week. Jobs, internships and fellowships that people might be interested in that follow me. So anyone working in podcasting, wanting to work in podcasting, I post those things so you can find it. One of the things I posted almost two weeks ago was Spotify opened up a summer internship for their podcasting department for next year and the applications are due pretty soon and it's for people that are in college, sophomores, juniors or seniors and it is a paid internship. So I will link that in the episode notes. If it's something you're looking for or if you know someone that is in college right now that's close to that area, that would love that job. Spotify treats their people right. So if there was an internship to have, I would say this is a great internship to have because you will come away with things and come away with some of the networking you can do just being in a Spotify building and all the dope people that work there. So I will post that internship in the show notes for more information and the applications for that are due soon. They have a whole process about it, so not something you want to wait on. I just updated my events page at podcastsincolor.com. I'll link it in the show notes. If you Google podcasts and color events, it's usually the first link that comes up and that's where I put any podcast festivals, conferences, things like that I hear about, podcast meetups and the biggest list on there is podcast live shows everywhere. So I have live shows from London, from New York, Dallas Texas, all over the United States and London. So those are the ones I posted. If you're having a podcast live show or a podcast event, please feel free to email me the information with a link so I can link back to it. I wanted to mention the events page because I was noticing when I added events this time, there's Levar Burton Reads, all kinds of people doing shows a few different places. I think I'm going to try to catch Levar Burton Reads when it's in Atlanta because I'll be in Atlanta, but there is a free show being done by Last Name Basis in Brooklyn at BRIC media. Really wish I could be there and it's on the same night as the Levar Burton show in Atlanta on November the 14th. And Hey Fran Hey, he's going to be the guest. You have to RSVP to get in free, and I'll link that in the episode notes.
