we should all thank Ross for his service. Thank you Yes. Yes. We can have a real moment of silence for Ross's. service in the food industry in Los Angeles. The four of us we know who the real hero is here What is that? Did Dakota Meyer show up? Yeah, yeah, exactly. I took out my chef at Olive Garden once like just pushed him out of the back door it myself, made the chicken parm myself. No, Rob, seriously, it is it is an absolute honor and a pleasure to have you here with all you guys. Appreciate it Yeah, very cool. Hell yeah, we're gonna drink whiskey have fun and do butt stuff And I'm already up one free bottle of Navy Seal cologne, I can't. Why did you make that by the way? Why did I yeah, I did we had the idea. Yeah, we were just we were just hanging out. That's a wonder idea. It was like so funny. We had a friend that had a bottling company that was able to just test fragrances and stuff. You know, Rocco, it's like, Rocco, you got a cologne guy? He's like, yeah, I do, yeah, I do. Yeah, of course, Rocco. So we got, we got. the prices back on it and it was like super easy to do to run five to do to run 500 bottles. And so we were just like, let's just do it. Like, and we had Gary do this. logo it's just ridiculous and funny and it means it's just like oh, are you selling it anymore? No, no, it was a limited edition eliminated kitchen right anymore now but really the whole reason for that was is I wanted to make of those fake Calvin Klein commercials with the whispering in the black and white and just and make it all about that Parachute. Parachute. Parachute. Parachute. Mar- Mar- Maritime. Like, so it's just... And then like when we got the... sample bottles back, I took a, I was on the range with a... and there's an Apache hovering right by me, so I just took a slow mo ve- just took a slo-mo video and played the Team America song while holding the Navy seal bottle in post that and it went crazy. Is this gonna be available? So I was like, all right, I guess we're running it. Yeah. Oh man. Have you ever seen what I did with that? It was trying to pick up the girl and I'm like I'm a ranger and she's like cool bro and then I pull out the navy and then she's like, just hardcore sex. Yeah, yeah, yeah. just goes straight to my mom didn't like that commercial so I didn't rightfully so but then So funny my mom keeps playing it like over and over and over. Oh, well, that's cuz your mom and I have a special relationship. What do you mean by special? We insert things. in the ATMs Oh Rob if you've seen Jared's mom is she's kind It's kind of shocking where you're like, what the shit? Yeah. Really well put together. super cute lays out by the pool very tan down for any that fits And the way her tan lines pop off of her skin Oh, God, imagine, oh, baby tan lines are put down just a piece Our foot down just a peak, when we see a peak, just stop it. I'm a big tan line guy. My dad was in the Navy 29 years. Oh wow. He was on the... Apache, which what kind of brain it's a spook boat. Yeah yeah those are those are tough those have you been on a sub oh well yeah with him with him. Yeah, not not out to say I was a Jersey Mike's though jersey mike's the last time i was in the south not the same type of service again that's no different different service all together I was in. Where are you living now? I'm in between Dallas and New York City. fucking cool. Yeah, I travel quite a bit. I'm on I'm on the road doing a lot of speaking speaking a lot of stuff for my foundation which you're grateful nation transition special operators of the private sector. So a lot of what was the name again? You're a Grateful Nation. You're a Grateful Nation. YGN, you'regratefulnation.org. And we yeah, we take guys from right now special forces into the private sector because they have a lot of skills that they don't know they have. That a lot of companies want, that they learn in the military, how to lead BLE- how to lead, be led, stress management, loyalty. And we put them through a nine month. through a nine-month mentorship program, and then in any industry they want, they get... wanting to get the get in charge of major projects so a lot of a lot of time on the robot that I found out how much it costs to run a foundation so I'm out there a lot. It's crazy, right? Oh, yeah, Jared's wife actually wanted him in the loyal program. Oh, God! He's on second. Oh, he's on secondary. That was fun. Oh, yeah legs cut off on that one No, I'm totally kidding. Do you enjoy public speaking? I love it. it's no it's yeah it's a trip because you're getting it's it's kind of a rush to get in front of people like to try out new material, a lot of jokes in there, a lot of military type jokes that the corporate people don't think are jokes, so it's funny to see their reaction. on stage like in the first 30 seconds drop an f-bomb just so that just sort of like what did he just say like in uh what's that movie where he's singing that wedding song and drops fuck in the middle of it. Old school, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I fuckin' need you now tonight! And they're kind of looking at each other. He's a fucking ninja now, and it kind of sets the tone. But yeah, it's. fun to speak in front of people, it's, you know, crowds are different. crowd. They've always been good and it's just it's just fun to see the reactions because they don't expect To joke they want a lot of a lot of speakers military speakers get up there and a lot there lot of them are tough guys and they speak tough guy and very clinical and they intimidate