then the aftermath, you're like, God, this is like a fucking movie. Well, we work with Rangers every night and that was always some of the best nights. had was when we would, we're in a house but all of a sudden we hear the saw going off. It's like, oh, the Rangers are fucking getting it. This is going to turn into a good night. The fucking Ranger. private, and it's like, there's a guy with a gun, hu-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh. All mine, it's like they're like, he's killing her, he's dead, he's really fucking- dead. You know how cocky you are? I see metal. That's a goddamn wheelchair. You're not going to help me. You know how cocky you are like when you had your older brother with you and somebody was starting shit you and so you would you would just mouth off because you know you had your older brother with you that's what that's what it's like when I go out because as soon as they're like in my area yeah we got you it's like let's stir some shit smarter brother that like maybe knows how to fight cuz they're playing engagements where like, you know, you like a dude gets shot in leg and we pull him off target and we're like we could go get in a gunfight or that's far easier I want to go home and get armed. We got a fight in Ramadi one time and we had these two rangers. are you and Ramadi, by the way? We were there in N07. You did, by the way. Wait, what? By the way, is this is this true before you tell this you were on over 400 missions. Yes wow so we had these two rangers that were one carried the rounds, not the 84, but the... Carl Gustaf, and the guy carrying the goose was 6'8". 8 of course and the guy came around about five five. Yeah, and he got to the point people don't believe like drainage dishes and rivers in Iraq. Yeah, but we got to this point. where, um, this poor kid was carrying his ruck, he didn't, I don't think he had carried a gun, he just stopped j- to go and he just stopped jumping, he just walked through everything and just, fuck life. My life and like 30 missions into it we got into a spot where we could find a fire finally fire goose into the into the damn building and And so he's given HE to this kid and he's blasting it and give him another one. hit him again, and then okay, we're good being clear and the poor kid goes can we just fire one more? like, yeah, fire one more. Yeah. So we fired one more. When we got in there, it looked like a. from like Halloween or something just really bad inside but we got bad and as a leader I told we're given the debrief. I told the Rangers with the thing, I was like, well, why don't you debrief this so you can learn how to talk to the guys and just explain what happened on target and he goes, all right so we made an entry in the first three guys were Carl. Gustaf. I see what you did there, and that was funny. It's funny that's fun. It's hilarious. I feel like that's the like the ranger school go-to is when they fucking throw a thousand rounds on you 1,000 rounds on you the first engagement ranger school you're just like cyclic. I'll just get rid of it. He's like stop shooting you're getting rid of the way I'm getting rid of the way shit yeah that's right that Jameson stuff yeah yeah give it a go I'm not sure what that is. Give it a go. No driving, obviously. No driving. Oh god no. No driving. No. We got Ubers. We're going from here to Sportsbook. here to a sports bar to watch a baseball game. I don't know if you remember, and tell me it was we. and tell me, we can cut this if not if you're cool talking about it, but we've been doing this show for years. I cursed out somebody for, you got pulled over. no I got woken up yeah but there's a backstory to this and nobody wants to talk about charges being dropped. They want to talk about arrested for DUI at first. Correct. why at first correct I have a I'm from butte Montana I went to high school with off four of the officers, thank you very much. I travel all the time. and so I have a system. I get to the hotel, pop an ambi... Pop an ambient brush my teeth get in there always be in bed with the ambient and turn it off. So I popped the ambient, forgot my toothbrush. I'm like. I can make it to the gas stations right over there drove there. It's closed drove to the next one. It's open. I walked in I gotta get I'm on film getting a Gatorade not drinking, and a toothbrush, I get back in my car and I'm like, my dad's shitty little niece on. And I'm like, okay, this is it, I gotta go to sleep. I went to ambience sleep in the front seat. No way. And so they pulled me out. they were knocking on the door, and I recognized these guys, and I'm still ambien up. And they said, well, we're gonna take you up. there. And I, you know, whatever. We did it. And I said, well, give me a breath. Why should we find. a breathalyzer we find that they wouldn't or something that wouldn't find them like fuck it just mug mug shot yeah they did and something it got dropped eventually but it's like yeah that happened I remember that story and comment on the podcast was again, years ago, was I said who the fuck arrests the guy who kills Osama bin? I was so angry on the podcast when we were doing it. I go, you don't arrest that guy. I went to high school with you guys. So we have two high schools. Butte, Butte, Montana, Butte Central and Butte High. Hi, and there's cops from both schools and one of my really good friends is from Butte High. I went to Central. And so I called him the next day, I'm like, hey, I'm kind of, fuck. on the ham kind of Fox, what do you recommend? He goes, well, I recommend next time you get a deal, I get arrested by a guy from Budai. I'm like, thank you. Wow, damn. Just making a joke. No, I mean, it all went away. of course. Of course. I was still surprised. Boy, the headline. The headline. Yeah, but that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's a breathalyzer, that's fucking horseshit. Well, it should be, it wouldn't be a right- Look what Ambien did to Roseanne's career dude, put in the dumpster. she went on Rogan and talked all about it. Oh, she did? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She's talking about the ambient and she's just a late night tweeter. I actually kind of like the girl. She's very self-aware.