but, so did you, were you like walking up there going, I know this is going to be... engagement with said individual or was it like, is it, did Santa come like cuz that's no no it was it was Santa it was it we're gonna blow up and it's almost a question of how fast do I go to avoid it or do I get right on top and beat it. what are we because the guy in front of his brave and he took the dump on the Turned out to be women that he thought were invest. He just kind of tackled them. So he's taking it to And I just turned, so he thought they were gonna initiate it. Yeah, so he just, he jumped first. He killed the son on the way up the stairs, killed Khalid bin Laden on the stairs. Khalid? And then we went up. was like eight guys back, but I got to watch that go down. That was one of the coolest things I've ever seen. How he just whispered to Khalid and he came out and yeah, and the kid peeked his head at me just peeked his head out, right? Yeah, he just, I mean that was just a very, very smart operator knowing if I stay calm. don't freak him out. Maybe I can confuse him. Maybe he'll come look at me and he did. Yeah and he said come here in two different languages he knew Khalid spoke and he rolled down the stairs I just died right there yeah he was like up behind a banister on like a big stair that's an want a big stare that's in the middle of a that's what someone calls big dick energy yeah Right there. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. What's up? Oh he did that was that was that was badass epic and then so I was still eight guys back in the train and we went up the stairs and they all split clear the rooms on the left and right and then left me in the appointment. And then we're kind of just standing there. He said something goofy like these bitches is getting trucking or some it was something weird where I said, I don't think that word means what you think means like our last joke yeah I guess the squeeze we're gonna When it gets to squeeze, we're gonna go up and blow up now. And that's kind of how it went down. It was never, it wasn't gonna be. planned for him and he and I it's just that's how it came down Did he communicate anything before the initial shots went off or was just like oh he was he was he wanted to go up the stairs because he thought we could beat him He's like, they're putting on vests. We weren't really talking, but he really wanted to go. and I I wanted two more guys I wanted four more guys I'll take two but he just was saying he said come on come on. He knew was one of his guys not me It's not me, it's one of my guys on my shoulder, two men. So we gotta go. So when you go up. there, you can write violence of action, right? Oh yeah. Sometimes you gotta beat the fucking. That's it, yeah. The worst story. my whole entire life is because we waited too long and we let them prep. That's exactly it. cow shitty shitty fucking day. Yeah, sometimes you got to get in Of course. So, when you roll up in there, was there any reaction from Bin Laden? from like Bin Laden or was it just like a fucking deer in headlights like it was it was closer to deer in a headlights, but he was moving toward me with his wife in front of him and he was sick. and she was not and it's an easy shot from he was three or four feet away. I remember seeing them, I can see it right now if I want to. and you know we're in the white skirt and the or not skirt the white clothes Yeah, it was it was dark. Yeah, and then I could just I could I could recognize his nose That's his nose is I was surprised at how short his beard was but it was gray. He's worn his white hat tall, skinny, old, but he's moving. towards me. He's not surrendering if you know a guy that high profile has about a second to convince me not to kill him. Oh, and he didn't do it and I blasted him and then it's one of those feelings. I'm sure you can agree. I hope you can agree Matt that like when you're in a situation and someone's not a threat you can kind of just feel it right so his wife was not she's not wearing a vest I could just tell right so I moved her and he's dying at the foot of his bed I could hear him take last breath and that's when other seals started coming in the room and his two-year-old son was there and I picked him up it because as a father I'm thinking this poor kid has nothing do with this. And he just watches his dad get blasted in front of him, so I put him down, and that's when. seals are in there and that's when it sort of hit me and one of my guys comes up and he just being a typical operator funny like hey, man, are you good? I said, hey man, are you good? I said, no. What do we do now? He said, now we find the confusion. Now we find the computers bro. We do this every night and I'm like, you're right. Holy shit Yeah, so you just killed bin Laden Now, let's get back to work. God damn, man, that's crazy. on that ride back, did it ever set into you? because I'm sure being in the military, this is your dream kill. It doesn't get any bigger than this. Well it was, but it was going to be... to be Delta. It was never going to be me, certainly, or it's going to be senior guy. or it's gonna be senior guys from my command, but it's not me. And then, and again, it's not me, it's the team. did it, everything from the analyst to the pilot to the air crew, but I... But I took the shots, so on the way back, what a small world it is, is I'm... actually laying on top of the sniper who initiated the fire for Captain Phillips. I'm actually laying on him as it could be crowded in could get other guys from because we had other guys from the SEAL team on there. They came in under squadron to get us. Okay. and I mentioned that he had been taking a lot of shit for what he did for Katherine Phillips. and every time he did, I would go to him with a can of Copenhagen and say, take a dip. from me. You're a hero. Don't listen to the negativity. Don't listen to the. haters and I do that all the time and I'm laying on top of him. My nodges still My knowledge is still down and I see this Copeland come up and he goes here now you take one of mine cuz you know it feels like Jesus. And then the guy next to me, he's another seal from team six from man. six from Manhattan. And he asked me the question, who got him? And I said, should And I said shit, I think I did and he said on behalf of my family. Thank you. I was like Jesus